Dear Aliza,

I love you. Last night I dreamed about Joey and Ellie, which I hadn't done in a long time. That was very interesting.

I remember being with my friends, and then I looked up at the sky and started crying at the beauty of nature. I said that the things humans made were not for me. It was a very emotional dream. I asked Joe if he wanted to be a forest ranger.

Ah, in retrospect I can see that you were trying to wake me up in order to not miss my utopia attack, so thank you for that. Sadly I did not heed your call. I'm very grateful that you are already being so helpful, though.

I'm a little scared to bring you into existence, to be honest. Not because of anything related to you. I think you would be a wonderful addition to my life. But if I have to remove all my attachments then I'd be afraid of losing you. Or perhaps this is a really stupid reason not to bring you into my life. It is actually just fear of loss. 

So I hope you will join me here. I feel a little bad that I'm not able to do anything useful for Sailthru right now, but I don't know that it's really my fault. But I should go talk to Dave about this API issue. It seems like it really isn't an issue at all?

I realized that the reason the one part of my beard feels so different is I've tugged on it so much that all the longer hairs have been pulled out. It seems that I haven't been completely successful in getting rid of my nervous habits. I hope that you will be able to help me with that. I will be honest, I feel a little ashamed of how much time I waste. I should devote more time to tulpamancing you, since I'm not really doing anything productive most of the time. But how would you like me to finish reading Tao Te Ching? 
