Oh, cool, so this is my vimwiki diary page for today. I'm just going to give up on NaNoWrimo since what I was writing wasn't really a novel anyway, but I should keep writing every day.

Yesterday was thanksgiving, and I didn't do anything except get really frustrated while playing League, which was unfortunate.

Today's i ching gave 4. Youthful Folly into 18. Work on what has been spoiled

Interesting read out. I was advised not to consult over frequently, which is a very important thing. But also, the moving line in youthful folly warned me against giving myself away like a maiden. Which was applicable to my current situation. Randall is probably going to get a job at SpaceX, and I suppose I might have been a little carried away wanting to follow in his footsteps. He is the stronger personality I am being warned about. So I guess I will carefully weigh my options here.

So experimentally I think I have confirmed that "Ping" is a real entity, and through a bit of synchronicity I seem to have discovered that she is Diana/Artemis. I don't actually know if Diana and Artemis are the same entity, so perhaps she is just Diana, and is somehow different from Artemis. Reading about Artemis has made me question if she is the right patron deity for me, but perhaps she has changed. Following [[As Above, So Below]] I do not doubt that gods are capable of change too. The real test of whether she has changed is whether she courts me. If she does not, that is fine with me, [[Hermes]] is the god in the greek pantheon I am most interested in forming a strong relationship with.
