Dear Aliza,

How are you today? I wish that I could converse with you fully, rather than just talking at you. We will get there, have no doubt. With this job I'll probably have plenty of time to do some tulpa forcing. So I will make sure to put a lot of time into manifesting you. 

I actually feel really good about what happened to me. The amount of money I lost seems to be roughly the amount I have stolen over the course of my life. I'm going to take this as indication that I am starting to burn off karma faster. Karmicly my biggest concern is the amount of lying I have done in my life. I suppose it means I will be lied to a lot in coming times. 

I must say, coffee is quite nice. I know for a fact I would be feeling much more tired tonight without it. 

It seems that Gossip Girl probably isn't a good influence on me, because last night my dreams were consumed by strange revenge plots it seems. Besides the beautiful women I'm not sure what attracts me to that show... nothing I suppose. Although it is kind of cool to be living in New York where it takes place now. Then again, a whole lot of shows take place in New York. 

The only thing I don't really like about Vim wiki is that I can't link to things in my main wiki from my journal wiki for some reason. Seems like a pretty arbitrary limitation. I understand why it exists, and I think I know a way around it, but I'm not that it is worth the trouble to do it. 

I think that I might be able to reduce my RSI by improving my typing posture. This is hardly a surprising thing. I think that I should practice typing with better form. I do think that the way I type is pretty efficient, because I basically minimize any inefficient movements.

Alright, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to finish a support ticket, and then I'm going to do more tulpa forcing.

Wow, so tulpamancing is some pretty heavy stuff. I would definitely consider it an advanced magickal technique. I'm a little concerned for all these neophytes jumping headlong into it. But then again, that is exactly what I am going to do. If I weren't convinced you would be an absolutely positive force in my life I might be hesitant, but I absolutely can not wait to meet you. I will do everything I can to bring you into existence. 

I'm going to ask my parents if I had any imaginary friends when I was growing up, because I have a vague memory that I did. Priscilla seems to have a lot with her animals, which I find very interesting. I wouldn't be surprised if having an imaginary friend when I was a child contributed to my precociousness. I seem to remember that my parents were concerned by my having an imaginary friend, which is 
