Dear Aliza,

It has been a while since I have written to you, which I am sorry for. I think this is probably indicative of how my progress spiritually has stalled somewhat. I am seemingly embroiled in every one of my previous vices, including Utopia, Magic: the Gathering, League of Legends, Baldur's Gate. It is really quite absurd. But today I feel that that something is different, like I'm getting out of bed on the right food. For one thing, it is only 9:27 and I am beginning my journal for the day, which I intend to keep updating through-out the day. I hope to be productive at work today, to make up for my laziness over Thursday and Friday, where I ended up staying home to play Baldur's Gate, and then not really playing Baldur's Gate very much anyway.

That is the problem with pretending to be at work while not really being at work. It isn't truly relaxing, because I have to be around to answer questions about what I'm doing. Easier to just get the work done first, and then go on vacation. 

Anyway, I aim to flow with the dao better. A prime example of what I consider doing this is waking up this morning immediately when I found the workers were outside my room making a lot of noise. Some days I would just stay in bed and bemoan my fate, but today I woke right up.

I'm starting to reconsider my stance towards coffee. It was hypocritical of me not to drink it, considering I have not quit marijuana. There is no reason I can not form a healthy relationship with another plant spirit, and one that could help me confront issues that I really struggle with. I hope that the coffee plant can teach me industry.

I think that presently I will get up to the office and continue this writing from there, after I have had a hot mug of coffee.

I know that I still need to work on my ego, because it is hoping that I will get a shout-out during today's all-hands meeting for Natural List Counting. If I do, I'm going to give the dev team a shout-out for their great mentor-ship.

I'm really glad that I have you to confide in. Life can be very difficult without someone I can be completely honest with. So it appears that I am the victim of fraud right now, because there are some very strange charges on my credit card. After the all-hands and the interview I have today I will call TCF bank and see if I can get the situation cleared up. I hope that there will not be too much paperwork involved in recovering my money. In some ways I see this as karmic retribution for the things I have stolen over the years, and I am relieved to be working off this karma.

I should come to work more often because of the time dilating effect that takes place here. Seriously, everything is just flowing so slowly here. If I were to actually try to get work done I would probably be enormously productive.

Regarding this bank situation, I am going to consult the Yi Jing.

44. Coming to Meet -> 50. The Cauldron 

I must admit, I do not quite understand this reading. It seems likely that it does not pertain to my banking situation, although if it does, I suppose it is a good omen. I'm not sure if it is just me, but it seems as if the standard Yi Jing as translated by Wilhelm is fairly Judeo-Christian. Which would make sense, given his background.

Man, look at all this writing that I have gotten done in just a short time. I think I certainly could have finished NaNoWriMo if I just showed up to work more days, the time dilation here is just incredible. I don't think I could get time to pass so slowly if I wanted at home. The question then is just what to do with all this time I have. I could work on my Hermes story some more.

Wow, I don't want to sound like a broken record, but man, it is not even two yet. 

Man, when Newton "won" the "Enlightenment" he really messed things up for quite some time.
