Dear Viki,

Last night was awesome. I had a blast in Montreal with Sailthru.

I don't want to spend too much time describing it, but I will go over the basics.

So the train ride in was great. I ran into Jordan at just the right time to make
sure that I would be able to join up with the group. I was a little worried about
that because with my vision the way it is, I wasn't sure that I would be able
to find them, but it ended up being not a problem at all. On the train ride in, 
I sat next to David, who was a slightly overweight Jewish guy with a black goatee.
He was very friendly. He works in mortgage sales, and plays poker. He is also
building a car. He was traveling to Montreal where his wife was, due to immigration
issues. Hopefully his wife can join him in DC soon. He had been traveling since
2 AM.

One time when he was playing poker he was extremely disciplined and listened to
his gut. He sensed that one of the other players was being extremely greedy,
so he folded a pair of kings. He is a very winning player, actually. He's gone
very positive. He recommended that I read Super System to learn poker. One time
he took almost 50 hits of acid and tripped for six days straight. He was given
this acid by a group of people who sold drugs in order to fund their phish concerts.

Two of his friends OD'd, and one of them is a heroin addict. So stay clear of that
stuff. He watched Game of Thrones. He met his wife at a cousin's wedding. His
wife had grown up on the same street as his cousins, so he knew her from a long
time ago. But when he saw her at the wedding he did a double take, because she
had really grown up since she last saw him. She is frugal and practical and tough
but sensitive. She smokes weed with him. 

He dreams of selling everything and leaving the country to live on some island
on a beach with her, and she is amenable to the plan. I hope that they do.

In Montreal the hotel was very close to the train station, only four blocks away.
Federico and I roomed together, and the rooms were very swanky, and the beds were
some of the most comfortable beds I had slept in. We started out by going to a
restaurant called the Fireside Grill, where I got a very delicious salmon fillet.

Then we went to several bars. At one bar there were two guys performing guitar
music. I thought they were pretty good, although I guess Matt G didn't really
think so. At one point Danny and Ian sang Wonderwall together while he was
playing, and then Danny, Eric, and Isaul tried to sing Hotel California, but
they didn't really know the lyrics.

We went to a somewhat hip bar where there was a jukebox, and we probably killed
the mood there with our song selections which included photograph by nickelback (to mock praj, I guess),
canadian idiot, amish paradise, nightrain by guns n roses.

Then we made our way into a 90s dance club, which was fairly fun while it lasted,
except the DJ kept playing pretty poor choices, really, and spent way too long
rapping in french in between sets.

I had a great, if short night of sleep. Mostly, I had an amazing dream which I
will try to remember as best I can.

I don't remember how I got to this point, but I was in a library and it had
been a while since I checked my email, and when I did, there was a message from
Caroline where she explained her writing process, and that she was finding it
very difficult for her to write and express the way she felt about me. In the
email she included her gmail password, and she wanted me to look at her drafts
folder in gmail to understand. In it were a bunch of incomplete love letters where
she confessed her love to me, but that she was never brave enough to send. 

I hope that becomes reality. Then, Benjamin Vishny interrupts me, so I go attend
to him, because it would be rude of me to ignore him just because Caroline has
emailed me one of the most significant things that has ever happened to me.

Somehow this was blended in with another part of the same dream. I think this part
may have actually happened before. I was riding in the back of a van with Sarah
Bechtel and we were getting very physical. She was touching my abs, I was basically
standing inside her. We were definitely hanging out in each others' splash zones.
She told me that she was looking to see if we had a real connection, that this
wasn't just a hookup. And I told her it meant much more to me than that. I feel
a little bad about this, but I guess Caroline wasn't in the picture then. Then
I tell her that she is 'still very beautiful, actually even more beautiful now'.


Anyway, my plan now is to finish all of the unit tests while I am on the train,
because I am sitting next to Ian, and I don't know of any better time or motivation
to do it than right now. I don't have internet access, these are normal working
hours anyway, and it'll make me look good with the CTO. So win win win.

Well, if I can truly determine what reality I reside in, then I want to reside in the
reality where Caroline loves me and I love her. Specifically, the
reality where Caroline loves me and I .


I guess, 
