Dear Viki and Aliza,

I dreamed that first I was at Columbia sleeping over in the dorms for some event.

I met a woman who was friends with Adria Richards. She films theater performances.
She was telling her friend about filming theater productions on the west coast
when adria got fired?

I think Sophie and her friend were hosting me.

The sister of one of my friends came over to my house (oddly enough in Saddlewood) and Will Farrell was there. She stripped naked, and we can some very steamy eye contact. She asked if she should stay that way and I told her yes, then we got on the couch together. It was my green couch. We were on top of each other and I told her I loved how nice her brother was, and she agreed that he was nice, and that most people didn't appreciate him for how nice he is. I don't remember who he is, but he may have been Christian.

There was definitely some kind of fair going on at 'columbia'. There were lots of beautiful women around, and I made strong eye contact with lots of them, and I could see them clearly from a distance. And it was noted that sex is amazing when it's with a woman you are into, only okay otherwise.

during the night ninjutsu got involved somehow, and I was moving very quickly by dashing around the floor with my arms and legs.

The weirdest part was when I was piloting this high tech spaceship/helicopter that apparently operated out of this van. My friend was gunning, his dad was piloting, and I was also gunning. The van ran out of power so we had to return to the van.

I was trying to speak Norwegian in my dream.
