Dear Viki,

Last night I had a very powerful dream. I should have written it down earlier, as
the details are beginning to fade. Somehow Manya and I were involved in Daniel Saewitz's
death. I saw Maya topless, and then I didn't ingratiate myself to her friends and boyfriend.

I was surprised that I saw Daniel (maya's boyfriend) in my dream, seeing as how
I had never met him.

At one point in my dream I declared my love to Manya. She had a rival suitor who
was denigrating me, and wasn't at all upset by Daniel's death. I think this was
to his great undoing. But my own undoing was being pulled away by Maya who was
not at all done with Daniel. So.

The yi jing from last night was very interesting. I had never seen this before.

61. Chung Fu / Inner Truth





	
above SUN
THE GENTLE, WIND

	
below TUI
THE JOYOUS, LAKE


The wind blows over the lake and stirs the surface of the water. Thus visible 
effects of the invisible manifest themselves. The hexagram consists of firm 
lines above and below, while it is open in the center. This indicates a heart 
free of prejudices and therefore open to truth. On the other hand, each of the 
two trigrams has a firm line in the middle; this indicates the force of inner 
truth in the influences they present.

  The attributes of the two trigrams are: above, gentleness, forbearance 
toward inferiors; below, joyousness in obeying superiors. Such conditions 
create the basis of a mutual confidence that makes achievements possible.

  The character of fu ("truth") is actually the picture of a bird's foot over a 
fledgling. It suggests the idea of brooding. An egg is hollow. The light-giving 
power must work to quicken it from outside, but there must be a germ of life 
within, if life is to be awakened. Far-reaching speculations can be linked with 
these ideas.


	THE JUDGMENT


	INNER TRUTH. Pigs and fishes.
	Good fortune.
	It furthers one to cross the great water.
	Perseverance furthers.

Pigs and fishes are the least intelligent of all animals and therefore the most 
difficult to influence. The force of inner truth must grow great indeed before 
its influence can extend to such creatures. In dealing with persons as 
intractable and as difficult to influence as a pig or a fish, the whole secret of 
success depends on finding the right way of approach. One must first rid 
oneself of all prejudice and, so to speak, let the psyche of the other person act 
on one without restraint. Then one will establish contact with him, 
understand and gain power over him. When a door has thus been opened, 
the force of one's personality will influence him. If in this way one finds no 
obstacles insurmountable, one can undertake even the most dangerous 
things, such as crossing the great water, and succeed.

  But it is important to understand upon what the force inner truth depends. 
This force is not identical with simple intimacy or a secret bond. Close ties 
may exist also among thieves; it is true that such a bond acts as a force but, 
since it is not invincible, it does not bring good fortune. All association on 
the basis of common interests holds only up to a certain point. Where the 
community of interest ceases, the holding together ceases also, and the closest 
friendship often changes into hate. Only when the bond is based on what is 
right, on steadfastness, will it remain so firm that it triumphs over 
everything.


	THE IMAGE


	Wind over lake: the image of INNER TRUTH.
	Thus the superior man discusses criminal cases 
	In order to delay executions.

Wind stirs water by penetrating it. Thus the superior man, when obliged to 
judge the mistakes of men, tries to penetrate their minds with understanding, 
in order to gain a sympathetic appreciation of the circumstances. In ancient 
China, the entire administration of justice was guided by this principle. A 
deep understanding that knows how to pardon was considered the highest 
form of justice. This system was not without success, for its aim was to make 
so strong a moral impression that there was no reason to fear abuse of such 
mildness. For it sprang not from weakness but from a superior clarity.


	
Moving
Lines
This
Hexagram
This Hexagram
+ Moving Lines
6 ------- 7
5 ------- 7
4 --   -- 8
3 --   -- 8
2 ---o--- 9
1 ------- 7
 

61. Chung Fu / Inner Truth

	Nine in the second place means:
	A crane calling in the shade.
	Its young answers it.
	I have a good goblet.
	I will share it with you.

This refers to the involuntary influence of a man's inner being upon persons 
of kindred spirit. The crane need not show itself on a high hill. It may be 
quite hidden when it sounds its call; yet its young will hear its not, will 
recognize it and give answer. Where there is a joyous mood, there a comrade 
will appear to share a glass of wine.

  This is the echo awakened in men through spiritual attraction. Whenever 
a feeling is voiced with truth and frankness, whenever a deed is the clear 
expression of sentiment, a mysterious and far-reaching influence is exerted. 
At first it acts on those who are inwardly receptive. But the circle grows larger 
and larger. The root of all influence lies in one's own inner being: given true 
and vigorous expression in word and deed, its effect is great. The effect is but 
the reflection of something that emanates from one's own heart. Any 
deliberate intention of an effect would only destroy the possibility of 
producing it. Confucius says about this line:

The superior man abides in his room. If his words are well spoken, he meets 
with assent at a distance of more than a thousand miles. How much more 
then from near by! If the superior man abides in his room and his words are 
not well spoken, he meets with contradiction at a distance of more than a 
thousand miles. How much more then from near by! Words go forth from 
one's own person and exert their influence on men. Deeds are born close at 
hand and become visible far away. Words and deeds are the hinge and 
bowspring of the superior man. As hinge and bowspring move, they bring 
honor or disgrace. Through words and deeds the superior man moves 
heaven and earth . Must one not, then, be cautious?

42. I / Increase





	
above  SUN
THE GENTLE, WIND

	
below CHêN
THE AROUSING, THUNDER


The idea of increase is expressed in the fact that the strong lowest line of the 
upper trigram has sunk down and taken its place under the lower trigram. 
This conception also expresses the fundamental idea on which the Book of 
Changes is based. To rule truly is to serve.

  A sacrifice of the higher element that produces an increase of the lower is 
called an out-and-out increase: it indicates the spirit that alone has power to 
help the world.


	THE JUDGMENT

	
	INCREASE. It furthers one
	To undertake something.
	It furthers one to cross the great water.

Sacrifice on the part of those above for the increase of those below fills the 
people with a sense of joy and gratitude that is extremely valuable for the 
flowering of the commonwealth. When people are thus devoted to their 
leaders, undertakings are possible, and even difficult and dangerous 
enterprises will succeed. Therefore in such times of progress and successful 
development it is necessary to work and make the best use of time. This time 
resembles that of the marriage of heaven and earth, when the earth partakes 
of the creative power of heaven, forming and bringing forth living beings. 
The time of INCREASE does not endure, therefore it must be utilized while it 
lasts.


	THE IMAGE


	Wind and thunder: the image of INCREASE.
	Thus the superior man:
	If he sees good, he imitates it;
	If he has faults, he rids himself of them.

While observing how thunder and wind increase and strengthen each other, 
a man can not the way to self-increase and self-improvement. When he 
discovers good in others, he should imitate it and thus make everything on 
earth his own. If he perceives something bad in himself, let him rid himself 
of it. In this way he becomes free of evil. This ethical change represents the 
most important increase of personality.


Another strange and very vivid dream

I was on the bus to a class and I met this woman named Marshalla who could speak Chinese, she was with a boyfriend or something. She seemed to be with him against her will though, because she passed me a note written on a napkin in secret, which is how I know her name.

Later I was at an English class and I made friends  with two medical students and we discuessed my grandfathers death, and a short story I had about immortality. We discuessed that if the rich were alllowed to have it first everything would go to shit. The teacher handed us out syllabuses with had money taped to them.

Mom was making priscilla do chores against her will which I found very strange.

Hm, actually, the name was written

MAR
SHA
LA

it seemed? Something like that

The problem with revolutions is you keep turning the wheel and you end up where 
you started. This is why we need evolutions.
