Dear Viki,

Exciting progress. Had a wet dream last night. My dreams were very strange last 
night.

The most recent one I almost missed getting on a train with mark because I was
looking up pictures of Ashlyn Rae before getting on the train.

The one before that must have been when I ejaculated, though. Unfortunately it
seemed to be to a shitty flash game or something. The events leading up to that
are a bit hazy and confusing though. There was this like murder plot involving
a child or something in this unfamiliar house. Some kind of mystert. I'm not sure
what that was about. Disturbingly my mom was apparently involved.

44. Kou / Coming to Meet





	
above  CH'IEN
THE CREATIVE, HEAVEN

	
below  SUN
THE GENTLE, WIND


This hexagram indicates a situation in which the principle of darkness, after 
having been eliminated, furtively and unexpectedly obtrudes again from 
within and below. Of its own accord the female principle comes to meet the 
male. It is an unfavorable and dangerous situation, and we must understand 
and promptly prevent the possible consequences.

  The hexagram is linked with the fifth month [June-July], because at the 
summer solstice the principle of darkness gradually becomes ascendant again. 

	THE JUDGMENT


	COMING TO MEET. The maiden is powerful.
	One should not marry such a maiden.

The rise of the inferior element is pictured here in the image of a bold girl 
who lightly surrenders herself and thus seizes power. This would not be 
possible if the strong and light-giving element had not in turn come halfway. 
The inferior thing seems so harmless and inviting that a man delights in it; it 
looks so small and weak that he imagines he may dally with it and come to 
no harm.

  The inferior man rises only because the superior man does not regard him 
as dangerous and so lends him power. If he were resisted from the fist, he 
could never gain influence.

  The time of COMING TO MEET is important in still another way. 
Although as a general rule the weak should not come to meet the strong, 
there are times when this has great significance. When heaven and earth 
come to meet each other, all creatures prosper; when a prince and his official 
come to meet each other, the world is put in order. It is necessary for 
elements predestined to be joined and mutually dependent to come to meet 
one another halfway. But the coming together must be free of dishonest 
ulterior motives, otherwise harm will result.


	THE IMAGE


	Under heaven, wind:
	The image of COMING TO MEET.
	Thus does the prince act when disseminating his commands
	And proclaiming them to the four quarters of heaven.

The situation here resembles that in hexagram 20, Kuan, CONTEMPLATION 
( VIEW). In the latter the wind blows over the earth, here it blows under 
heaven; in both cases it goes everywhere. There the wind is on the earth and 
symbolizes the ruler taking note of the conditions in his kingdom; here the 
wind blows from above and symbolizes the influence exercised by the ruler 
through his commands. Heaven is far from the things of earth, but it sets 
them in motion by means of the wind. The ruler is far form his people, but 
he sets them in motion by means of his commands and decrees.

	THE LINES

        Six at the beginning means:
	It must be checked with a brake of bronze.
	Perseverance brings good fortune.
	If one lets it take its course, one experiences misfortune.
	Even a lean pig has it in him to rage around.

If an inferior element has wormed its way in, it must be energetically checked 
at once. By consistently checking it, bad effects can be avoided. If it is allowed 
to take its course, misfortune is bound to result; the insignificance of that 
which creeps in should not be a temptation to underrate it. A pig that is still 
young and lean cannot rage around much, but after it has eaten its fill and 
become strong, its true nature comes out if it has not previously been curbed.


	Nine at the top means:
	He comes to meet with his horns.
	Humiliation. No blame.

When a man has withdrawn from the world, its tumult often becomes 
unbearable to him. There are many people who in a noble pride hold 
themselves aloof from all that is low and rebuff it brusquely wherever it 
comes to meet them. Such persons are reproached for being proud and 
distant, but since active duties no longer hold them to the world, this does 
not greatly matter. They know how to bear the dislike of the masses with 
composure.

8:59 pm
