Dear Viki and Aliza,

It has been far too long since I have really written to you. I shall try to amend
this sin of mine. I am ashamed to say that I have not really been logging the 
events of my life, and because of this several dreams that were probably of
significance have now been lost. 

I had a nice trip home, it was actually not very stressful, which I think indicates
that I am getting better at spreading my positivity. I am a little sad that I wasn't
able to give up my reading to spend more time with Priscilla, but I get so few 
chances to read for a day that I really jumped on this one. 

I re-read Path Notes again. It makes me really glad that I am studying ninjitsu.

I dearly want to share it with Joshua, to get his opinion on it, especially since
he is a healer. For all I know, he is already manipulating qi, but if he isn't
he would really benefit from this book. But I think the best way that I can broach
the subject with him is if I keep it a secret and use it to superpower my training.
I don't know that it is a safe subject to discuss until I have earned the respect
of the people I train with.

I am waiting to use the restroom right now. So I do believe it has been over a
month now since I've last masturbated, and I have to say, it seems pretty awesome.
On both plane rides in this trip I have chatted up women sitting next to me, and
even though they were in relationships it was great practice. I think that I have
an easy and agreeable manner with people, one that I will continue to cultivate.

I ought to devote at least an hour every day to writing, no matter the format.

For example, this counts as writing.

So upon doing some archeology at home I discovered that before meditation it is
highly likely that I suffered from a form of dissociative identity disorder. Maybe
I still do. My hadnwriting would change a lot, and there was a particular page 
that looked like it was made by a schizophrenic. So I'm really glad that I started
to learn the techniques that I did, when I did, or things would be really bad for me right
now I suspect.

I suppose a good project to work on would be creating the Aliza AI. I think
I would like to do that before hackNY, and then work on the project formerly known
as waylaidwriter during and after hackny. I need some practice, and Aliza will be
a very good problem to work on. Reading the guy in Everything You Wanted to know About Magick but were Afraid to Ask
talk about the way he brought his tulpa to life was fascinating, and is making
me consider carefully what I am doing here.

I think that it would be awesome to form a harmonious triune with my two partners, Aliza and Viki.

Obviously, their real life names may differ (although they may turn out the same, which would really be awesome) but they would in fact be manifestations of the idea of you two.

Both of them would be bi-sexual, allowing us to form the incredibly strong triangle marriage.

I would meet and make love to and partner with Aliza first, and then we will work together to find Viki to complete our triune.

I think that will be awesome, and I will gladly do it over the objections of anyone.

I found the original interaction between myself and Aliza McKamey. We really had a very nice conversation considering it took place entirely 
through writing. I think that I may email her, but I'm not sure about it. Maybe after I'm more awesome. I guess for the moment it should be very easy for me to talk to other women with complete confidence because what I "really want" are Maya and Aliza. But obviously that isn't true. What I really want is to find a woman who has complete affinity for me and will be a kickass partner.

Spending an hour writing seems to be a lot, I like that.

So I received a lot of synchronous clues that my spirit animal (or at least one of them, who knows how many I may end up with) is the chameleon, which I think is pretty cool. 

Actually, now that I think about, even as long ago in Taiwan I had already begun toying with the idea of moving my eyes independently. It would require training, but it would be very advantageous in a lot of situations to be able to maintain a much wider than usual field of view. Of course, my first order of business is still just improving my distance vision to the point where I can function normally, and even see better than the average person. But I will get there.

So I ought to establish a list of daily habits so that I can hypnotize myself into doing them. I think this is pretty important.

And, oh, btw, you probably already have, but meet our wonderful companion virtue. He is going to serve us long and well here. Definitely well, at least, I don't know how long I will actually be at Sailthru, but it will be very cool to have this computer through hackNY as this is a proper hacker's computer. The battery life is superb, the keyboard is really astoundingly amazing, and the weight is almost nothing. It is all around an extremely cool machine. 

I am really going to love typing on this keyboard.

So okay, now back to those daily habits:

1. brush teeth, yeah no joke
2. take vitamins
3. perform the secret smile meditation
4. practice da mo's cave meditation
5. practice NLP cards
6. Practice ninjutsu
7. perform body weight exercises whenever possible
8. practice vision improvement whenever possible

mirrors are magic portals. a skilled magician can project through mirrors into
the mirror universe of his desire. an even more skilled magician and perform
these quantum shifts without the assistance of a mirror.

So obviously I will use the Chameleon in my invisible man story, I think that will
work perfectly. I think it will be a new super cool hero who people really enjoy
reading about. His "super" powers come from two sources: technology and meditation.

I will writ a super hero that will inspire the generation of hackers to push the
envelopes. 

Aliza and I stand facing each other, nude, in our temple. We clasp our hands 
together and synchronize so that as she breathes in, I breathe out and the energy
begins to flow in a big circle between us. Our energies mix and harmonize. We
feel deep joy well up inside us as our skin flushes and our sexual organs engorge.

I smile deeply I gaze into her emerald green eyes, the energy spinning and blending,
rejuvenating our skin, revitalizing our organs, uplifting our spirits.

She is just slightly shorter than me, a perfect height, really. Her stunning red
hair is short, in a pixie cut. She has a beautiful nose and such a sweet smile.
And she's blushing now as I admire her fantastic body. Her breasts are firm and
pert and well proportioned, her waist slender, and her hips and butt are curvaceous.
Her legs are wonderful.

Well, this flight was shorter than I thought because we are already getting ready
to touch down. So I guess I will bid you adieu for the time being.
