Dear Viki,

Well, a lot of progress. I went to the martial arts store and bought a gi, and got my hand guard to boot. So that was cool. I complemented three very beautiful women on the street, and they all seemed delighted. And they really were beautiful, it was great.

And I got over my sense of embarrassment and published my masturbation diatribe. Woot!

i ching is interesting today, one of the them I can see directly relating. Some people probably will not believe that I’ve actually managed to quit masturbation. That’s okay.

47. K'un / Oppression (Exhaustion)





	
above  TUI
THE JOYOUS, LAKE

	
below  K'AN
THE ABYSMAL, WATER


The lake is above, water below; the lake is empty, dried up. Exhaustion is 
expressed in yet another way: at the top, a dark line is holding down two light 
lines below, a light line is hemmed in between two dark ones. The upper 
trigram belongs to the principle of darkness, the lower to the principle of 
light. Thus everywhere superior men are oppressed and held in restraint by 
inferior men.


	THE JUDGMENT


	OPPRESSION. Success. Perseverance.
	The great man brings about good fortune.
	No blame.
	When one has something to say,
	It is not believed.

Times of adversity are the reverse of times of success, but they can lead to 
success if they befall the right man. When a strong man meets with 
adversity, he remains cheerful despite all danger, and this cheerfulness is the 
source of later successes; it is that stability which is stronger than fate. He who 
lets his spirit be broken by exhaustion certainly has no success. But if 
adversity only bends a man, it creates in him a power to react that is bound in 
time to manifest itself. No inferior man is capable of this. Only the great 
man brings about good fortune and remains blameless. It is true that for the 
time being outward influence is denied him, because his words have no 
effect. Therefore in times of adversity it is important to be strong within and 
sparing of words.


	THE IMAGE


	There is not water in the lake:
	The image of EXHAUSTION.
	Thus the superior man stakes his life
	On following his will.

When the water has flowed out below, the lake must dry up and become 
exhausted. That is fate. This symbolizes an adverse fate in human life. In 
such times there is nothing a man can do but acquiesce in his fate and remain 
true to himself. This concerns the deepest stratum of his being, for this alone 
is superior to all external fate.


	Six at the beginning means:
	One sits oppressed under a bare tree
	And strays into a gloomy valley.
	For three years one sees nothing.

When adversity befalls a man, it is important above all things for him to be 
strong and to overcome the trouble inwardly. If he is weak, the trouble 
overwhelms him. Instead of proceeding on his way, he remains sitting under 
a bare tree and falls ever more deeply into gloom and melancholy. This 
makes the situation only more and more hopeless. Such an attitude comes 
from an inner delusion that he must by all means overcome.
