Dear Viki,

Wow, I really need to compose my thoughts after yesterday. That was a very 
interesting experience. 

So some awesome things happened. I got off my ass and went to lululemon and had
very pleasant interactions with everyone on the staff. I guess smiling and saying
people's names really does help. The staff there was very nice and precise about
fitting my hems (they have free hemming), so when I pick up my pants on Tuesday
they are literally going to be the best fitting pants I have ever owned, which
will be great, because they are also super comfortable and practical for the kind
of lifestyle that I want to start maintaining.

After that I was at home reading for a while, before heading over to Emily's party.

I took 200 mg of modafinil at 8 pm while waiting for the C to pick be up from 4th
st and 6th ave. Amazingly enough, while on the train I met Jordan, and we had a
very nice conversation while walking to the party. It was classic Dale Carnegie,
I drew him out and didn't talk much about myself, only to spur along the conversation
and keep him talking. He shared with me that he was going through a tough time
because his ex girlfriend is seeing someone else now, and because he had borderline
personality disorder. I told him that I thought the program he went to that 
incorporated zen with psychotherapeutic techniques had really worked well, and
that he seemed like an under control guy to me.

At the party I chatted up Emily's friend Andrew, who is a muncipal defense lawyer.
He also has a passion for photography and cars, but his job doesn't allow him
enough time to pursue his interests.

It was very strange, everyone was complimenting me on how nice I looked. Which is
great. I can definitely use my good looks to help huamnity, if the way wills it.

I struck up a conversation with Kelly, who I have always found beautiful, but 
never had the nerve to talk to. I think that she is a shy person herself, so
this makes sense. She majored in English in college and did a minor in Russian
literature. She had a magical experience in a small town in Russia where she got
to see the monasteries. Her favorite russian novel is Anna Karenina. I'm not 
positive about this, but I think she has a dog? Anyway, I can always confirm
details like that later. Andrew joined our conversation here, because he had been
to moscow for four days, although it wasn't as amazing for him as it was for Kelly.

Ian and Jaselyn arrived, which was great. I hadn't seen either in quite a while.

This broke up the current conversation somewhat. 

I joined the table with Alanna, Sarah, Shannon and Sean, and had a great long
conversation with Sean. He studied economics in college, and was concerned about
how to free information so that markets can become more efficient. This is wonderful
to find out about. 

I talked to Alanna briefly, and then I hung out with Praj and Will. Will's childhood
friend was also there. We ended up taking a cab together to Matt's party.

Wow, that was an eventful night. I'm getting kind of tired of writing it, but I know
that I ought to complete the story of the night.

So we get to Matt's apartment after a little fumbling around on the street 
figuring out where it is. It is a very swanky looking apartment building, and his
apartment is nice, a bit bigger than mine. It has an actual living room, which is cool.

When I got to the party it was pretty tame. Alanna, Sarah, 
