	THE JUDGMENT


	DARKENING OF THE LIGHT. In adversity
	It furthers one to be persevering.


	
One must not unresistingly let himself be swept along by unfavorable 
circumstances, nor permit his steadfastness to be shaken. He can avoid this by 
maintaining his inner light, while remaining outwardly yielding and 
tractable. With this attitude he can overcome even the greatest adversities.

  In some situations indeed a man must hide his light, in order to make his 
will prevail inspite of difficulties in his immediate environment. 
Perseverance must dwell in inmost consciousness and should not be 
discernible from without. Only thus is a man able to maintain his will in the 
face of difficulties.


	THE IMAGE

	
	The light has sunk into the earth:
	The image of DARKENING OF THE LIGHT.
	Thus does the superior man live with the great mass:
	He veils his light, yet still shines.

In a time of darkness it is essential to be cautious and reserved. One should 
not needlessly awaken overwhelming enmity by inconsiderate behavior. In 
such times one ought not to fall in with the practices of others; neither 
should one drag them censoriously into the light.  In social intercourse one 
should not try to be all-knowing. One should let many things pass, without 
being duped.

36. Darkening of the light -> 52. Keeping Still, Mountain

	THE LINES


	Nine at the beginning means:
	Darkening of the light during flight.
	He lowers his wings.
	The superior man does not eat for three days
	On his wanderings.
	But he has somewhere to go.
	The host has occasion to gossip about him.

With grandiose resolve a man endeavors to soar above all obstacles, but thus 
encounters a hostile fate. He retreats and evades the issue. The time is 
difficult. Without rest, he must hurry along, with no permanent abiding 
place. If he does not want to make compromises within himself, but insists 
on remaining true to his principles, he suffers deprivation. Never the less he 
has a fixed goal to strive for even though the people with whom he lives do 
not understand him and speak ill of him.


I think I will strive to fast for this entire weekend. Drink milk only, or only water. Probably just start with only milk.

	Six at the top means:
	Not light but darkness.
	First he climbed up to heaven,
	Then plunged into the depths of the earth.

Here the climax of the darkening is reached. The dark power at first held so 
high a place that it could wound all who were on the side of good and of the 
light. But in the end it perishes of its own darkness, for evil must itself fall at 
the very moment when it has wholly overcome the good, and thus 
consumed the energy to which it owed its duration. 

I take this to be a good sign. (This was certainly refering to what will come of Aaron Swartz's death)


The image of this hexagram is the mountain, the youngest son of heaven and 
earth. The male principle is at the top because it strives upward by nature; the 
female principle is below, since the direction of its movement has come to its 
normal end.

  In its application to man, the hexagram turns upon the problem of 
achieving a quiet heart. It is very difficult to bring quiet to the heart. While 
Buddhism strives for rest through an ebbing away of all movement in 
nirvana, the Book of Changes holds that rest is merely a state of polarity that 
always posits movement as its complement. Possibly the words of the text 
embody directions for the practice of yoga.


	THE JUDGMENT


	KEEPING STILL. Keeping his back still
	So that he no longer feels his body.
	He goes into his courtyard
	And does not see his people.
	No blame.

True quiet means keeping still when the time has come to keep still, and 
going forward when the time has come to go forward. In this way rest and 
movement are in agreement with the demands of the time, and thus there is 
light in life.

  The hexagram signifies the end and the beginning of all movement. The 
back is named because in the back are located all the nerve fibers that mediate 
movement. If the movement of these spinal nerves is brought to a standstill, 
the ego, with its restlessness, disappears as it were. When a man has thus 
become calm, he may turn to the outside world. He no longer sees in it the 
struggle and tumult of individual beings, and therefore he has that true peace 
of mind which is needed for understanding the great laws of the universe 
and for acting in harmony with them. Whoever acts from these deep levels 
makes no mistakes.


	THE IMAGE


	Mountains standing close together:
	The image of KEEPING STILL.
	Thus the superior man
	Does not permit his thoughts 
	To go beyond his situation.

The heart thinks constantly. This cannot be changed, but the movements of 
the heart-that is, a man's thoughts-should restrict themselves to the 
immediate situation. All thinking that goes beyond this only makes the heart 
sore.


I think I shall go on a sort of retreat this weekend. That would be nice.


I dreamed about Andy, Dad, Alyxa, Alyxa's mom, oddly enough, Priscilla, Aditya

Dad was getting flustered at a meeting that was being held at Andy's house with some business partners of his. On the way home I was picking up little swords and lock picks off the ground.

Apparently Alyxa's mom did like porn or something and we were discussing it on Facebook. Andy texted me about how he wasn't going to be around because he was doing a math competition for school, which he recognized because he knew I had done it, and he also asked if I knew if Aditya never connects with his wireless card or something. I signed up for some game that was pretty similar to Dota and got destroyed. I posted stuff on Waylaid.org and Alyxa really liked it.

I woke up with morning wood, which is an encouraging sign.


I figured out the meaning of the "On the 8th month comes trouble" or whatever that was from the other day's i ching. On the 8th day of nofap I was almost lead astray by the movie Basic Instinct and its notorious legs uncrossed scene, but I was able to resist the urge. Resist the basic instinct, if you will.
