Enchantress

How you linger in my mind
asleep I am in your bind
however I run your notes follow
the longing they only exacerbates
deep in my soul there is a hollow
your melody there reverberates
would that I could bear
knowing you exist
your song I did hear
won't you desist
to dance upon my heart
with your divine art


Ode to the Women I have Loved

Perhaps you knew, if so that only figures
I never was brave enough to let you know
Now I thank you. You are so fair
to inspire in me a secret devotion
you inspired me to learn new arts
just so we'd have them in common
how much better of a person I am
for having known you however briefly

Ode to the Earth

You have birthed all that I love
I wish to walk upon your body with reverence
to massage you with my feet and crush not a single flower

Ode to Persephone

 24. Fu / Return (The Turning Point)





	
above  K'UN
THE RECEPTIVE, EARTH

	
below  CHêN
THE AROUSING, THUNDER


The idea of a turning point arises from the fact that after the dark lines have 
pushed all of the light lines upward and out of the hexagram, another light 
line enters the hexagram from below. The time of darkness is past. The 
winter solstice brings the victory of light. This hexagram is linked with the 
eleventh month, the month of the solstice (December-January).


	THE JUDGMENT


	RETURN. Success.
	Going out and coming in without error.
	Friends come without blame.
	To and fro goes the way.
	On the seventh day comes return.
	It furthers one to have somewhere to go.

After a time of decay comes the turning point. The powerful light that has 
been banished returns. There is movement, but it is not brought about by 
force. The upper trigram K'un is characterized by devotion; thus the 
movement is natural, arising spontaneously. For this reason the 
transformation of the old becomes easy. The old is discarded and the new is 
introduced. Both measures accord with the time; therefore no harm results. 
Societies of people sharing the same views are formed. But since these 
groups come together in full public knowledge and are in harmony with the 
time, all selfish separatist tendencies are excluded, and no mistake is made. 
The idea of RETURN is based on the course of nature. The movement is 
cyclic, and the course completes itself. Therefore it is not necessary to hasten 
anything artificially. Everything comes of itself at the appointed time. This is 
the meaning of heaven and earth. 
  All movements are accomplished in six stages, and the seventh brings 
return. Thus the winter solstice, with which the decline of the year begins, 
comes in the seventh month after the summer solstice; so too sunrise comes 
in the seventh double hour after sunset. Therefore seven is the number of 
the young light, and it arises when six, the number of the great darkness, is 
increased by one. In this way the state of rest gives place to movement.


	THE IMAGE


	Thunder within the earth:
	The image of THE TURNING POINT.	
	Thus the kings of antiquity closed the passes 
	At the time of solstice.
	Merchants and strangers did not go about,
	And the ruler
	Did not travel through the provinces.

The winter solstice has always been celebrated in China as the resting time of 
the year—a custom that survives in the time of rest observed at the new year. 
In winter the life energy, symbolized by thunder, the Arousing, is still 
underground. Movement is just at its beginning; therefore it must be 
strengthened by rest so that it will not be dissipated by being used 
prematurely. This principle, i.e., of allowing energy that is renewing itself to 
be reinforced by rest, applies to all similar situations. The return of health 
after illness, the return of understanding after an estrangement: everything 
must be treated tenderly and with care at the beginning, so that the return 
may lead to a flowering.


	
Moving
Lines
This
Hexagram
This Hexagram
+ Moving Lines
6 --   -- 8
5 --   -- 8
4 --   -- 8
3 -- x -- 6
2 -- x -- 6
1 ---o--- 9
 

24. Fu / Return (The Turning Point)

 

46. Shêng / Pushing Upward

 	Present	Potential


	THE LINES


	Nine at the beginning means:
	Return from a short distance.
	No need for remorse.
	Great good fortune.

Slight digressions from the good cannot be avoided, but one must turn back 
in time, before going too far. This is especially important in the development 
of character; every faintly evil thought must be put aside immediately, before 
it goes too far and takes root in the mind. Then there is no cause for remorse, 
and all goes well.


	Six in the second place means:
	Quiet return. Good fortune.

Return always calls for a decision and is an act of self-mastery. It is made 
easier if a man is in good company. If he can bring himself to put aside pride 
and follow the example of good men, good fortune results.


	Six in the third place means:
	Repeated return. Danger. No blame.

There are people of a certain inner instability who feel a constant urge to 
reverse themselves. There is danger in continually deserting the good 
because of uncontrolled desires, then turning back to it again because of a 
better resolution. However, since this does not lead to habituation in evil, a 
general inclination to overcome the defect is not wholly excluded/

 46. Shêng / Pushing Upward





	
above K'UN
THE RECEPTIVE, EARTH

	
below SUN
THE GENTLE, WIND, WOOD


The lower trigram, Sun, represents wood, and the upper, K'un, means the 
earth. Linked with this is the idea that wood in the earth grows upward. In 
contrast to the meaning of Chin, PROGRESS (35), this pushing upward is 
associated with effort, just as a plant needs energy for pushing upward 
through the earth. That is why this hexagram, although it is connected with 
success, is associated with effort of the will. In PROGRESS the emphasis is on 
expansion; PUSHING UPWARD indicates rather a vertical ascent-direct rise 
from obscurity and lowliness to power and influence.


	THE JUDGMENT


	PUSHING UPWARD has supreme success.
	One must see the great man.
	Fear not.
	Departure toward the south
	Brings good fortune.

The pushing upward of the good elements encounters no obstruction and is 
therefore accompanied by great success. The pushing upward is made 
possible not by violence but by modesty and adaptability. Since the individual 
is borne along by the propitiousness of the time, he advances.  He must go to 
see authoritative people. He need not be afraid to do this, because success is 
assured. But he must set to work, for activity (this is the meaning of "the 
south") brings good fortune.


	THE IMAGE


	Within the earth, wood grows:
	The image of PUSHING UPWARD.
	Thus the superior man of devoted character
	Heaps up small things
	In order to achieve something high and great.

Adapting itself to obstacles and bending around them, wood in the earth 
grows upward without haste and without rest. Thus too the superior man is 
devoted in character and never pauses in his progress.
