Dear Viki,

I ching for today. I feel this relates to my quest to restore my eyesight through
hormesis and natural healing.

The Chinese character ku represents a bowl in whose contents worms are 
breeding. This means decay. IT is come about because the gentle indifference 
in the lower trigram has come together with the rigid inertia of the upper, 
and the result is stagnation. Since this implies guilt, the conditions embody a 
demand for removal of the cause. Hence the meaning of the hexagram is not 
simply "what has been spoiled" but "work on what has been spoiled".  

	THE JUDGMENT


	WORK ON WHAT HAS BEEN SPOILED
	Has supreme success.
	It furthers one to cross the great water.
	Before the starting point, three days.
	After the starting point, three days.

What has been spoiled through man's fault can be made good again through 
man's work. IT is not immutable fate, as in the time of STANDSTILL, that 
has caused the state of corruption, but rather the abuse of human freedom. 
Work toward improving conditions promises well, because it accords the 
possibilities of the time. We must not recoil from work and danger-
symbolized by crossing of the great water-but must take hold energetically. 
Success depends, however, on proper deliberation. This is expressed by the 
lines, "Before the starting point, three days. After the starting point, three 
days." We must first know the cause of corruption before we can do away 
with them; hence it is necessary to be cautious during the time before the 
start. Then we must see to it that the new way is safely entered upon, so that 
a relapse may be avoided; therefore we must pay attention to the time after 
the start. Decisiveness and energy must take the place of inertia and 
indifference that have led to decay, in order that the ending may be followed 
by a new beginning. 

	THE IMAGE


	The wind blows low on the mountain:
	The image of DECAY.
	Thus the superior man stirs up the people
	And strengthens their spirit.

When the wind blow s slow on the mountain, it is thrown back and spoils 
the vegetation. This contains a challenge to improvement. It is the same 
with debasing attitudes and fashions; they corrupt human society. His 
methods likewise must be derived from the two trigrams, but in such a way 
that their effects unfold in orderly sequence. The superior must first remove 
stagnation by stirring up public opinion, as the wind stirs up everything, and 
must strengthen and tranquilize the character of the people, as the mountain 
gives tranquillity and nourishment to all that grows in its vicinity. 

	
Moving
Lines
This
Hexagram
This Hexagram
+ Moving Lines
6 ------- 7
5 --   -- 8
4 --   -- 8
3 ------- 7
2 ---o--- 9
1 -- x -- 6
 

18. Ku / Work on what has been spoiled [Decay]

 

22. Pi / Grace

 	Present	Potential


	THE LINES


	Six in the beginning means:
	Setting right what has been spoiled by the father.
	If there is a son, 
	No blame rests upon the departed father. 
	Danger. In the end good fortune.

Rigid adherence to tradition has resulted in decay. But the decay has not yet 
penetrated deeply and so can still be easily remedied. It is as if a son were 
compensated for the decay his father allowed to creep in. Then no blame 
attaches to the father. However, one must not overlook the danger or take 
the matter too lightly. Only if one is conscious of the danger connected with 
every reform will everything go well in the end. 

	Nine in the second place means:
	Setting right what has been spoiled by the mother.
	One must not be too persevering.

	
This refers to mistakes that as a result of weakness have brought about decay-
hence the symbol, "what has been spoiled by the mother. " In setting things 
right in such a case, a certain gentle consideration is called for. In order not to 
wound, one should not attempt to proceed too drastically. 


This hexagram shows a fire that breaks out of the secret depths of the earth 
and, blazing up, illuminates and beautifies the mountain, the heavenly 
heights. Grace-beauty of form-is necessary in any union if it is to be well 
ordered and pleasing rather than disordered and chaotic.


	THE JUDGMENT


	GRACE has success.
	In small matters
	It is favorable to undertake something.

Grace brings success. However, it is not the essential or fundamental thing; it 
is only the ornament and therefore be used sparingly and only in little things. 
In the lower trigram of fire a yielding line comes between two strong lines 
and makes them beautiful, but the strong lines are the essential content and 
the weak line is the beautifying form. In the upper trigram of the mountain, 
the strong line takes the lead, so that here again the strong element must be 
regarded as the decisive factor. In nature we see in the sky the strong light of 
the sun; the life of the world depends on it. But this strong, essential thing is 
changed and given pleasing variety by the moon and the stars. In human 
affairs, aesthetic form comes into being when traditions exist that, strong and 
abiding like mountains, are made pleasing by a lucid beauty. By 
contemplating the forms existing in the heavens we come to understand time 
and its changing demands. Through contemplation of the forms existing in 
human society it becomes possible to shape the world.


	THE IMAGE


	Fire at the foot of the mountain:
	The image of GRACE.
	Thus does the superior man proceed 
	When clearing up current affairs.
	But he dare not decide controversial issues in this way.

The fire, whose light illuminates the mountain and makes it pleasing, does 
not shine far; in the same way, beautiful form suffices to brighten and to 
throw light upon matters of lesser moment, but important questions cannot 
be decided in this way. They require greater earnestness.


Last night was amazingly fun. Abe is a cool guy. A lot of synchronicity happened. Like Harvest Moon or whatever their name was, featured a great drummer and two saxophones, both instruments Abe and I had been talking about. I had a great time chatting up the owner of Lucky's Chili, and ended up getting free corn muffins and such. It was awesome. He's a great guy. And I'm starting to see exactly what was meant in How to Win Friends and Influence people about how effecetive praise can be. 

The concert itself was amazing, I really danced my heart out, had a great time doing it. Was great exercise, and I was confident enough to dance with many beautiful girl. And I got this hemp bracelet from this girl named Ashley, who I do hope I will see again. I'd like to imagine that this bracelet is a binding spell that will bring us back otgether in the future.

I lost my glasses at the concert, but I think that this is my chance to improve my vision. I will need to setup my work environemnt at the office to accomodate my weaker vision for a while though.
