Dear Viki,

 4. Mêng / Youthful Folly
	
above  KêN
KEEPING STILL, MOUNTAIN 

	
below  K'AN
THE ABYSMAL, WATER


In this hexagram we are reminded of youth and folly in two different ways. 
The image of the upper trigram, Kên, is the mountain, that of the lower, 
K'an, is water; the spring rising at the foot of the mountain is the image of 
inexperienced youth. Keeping still is the attribute of the upper trigram; that of 
the lower is the abyss, danger. Stopping in perplexity on the brink of a 
dangerous abyss is a symbol of the folly of youth. However, the two trigrams 
also show the way of overcoming the follies of youth. Water is something 
that of necessity flows on. When the spring gushes forth, it does not know at 
first where it will go. But its steady flow fills up the deep place blocking its 
progress, and success is attained.


	THE JUDGMENT


	YOUTHFUL FOLLY has success.
	It is not I who seek the young fool;
	The young fool seeks me.
	At the first oracle I inform him. 
	If he asks two or three times, it is importunity.
	If he importunes, I give him no information.
	Perseverance furthers.

In the time of youth, folly is not an evil. One may succeed in spite of it, 
provided one finds an experienced teacher and has the right attitude toward 
him. This means, first of all, that the youth himself must be conscious of his 
lack of experience and must seek out the teacher. Without this modesty and 
this interest there is no guarantee that he has the necessary receptivity, which 
should express itself in respectful acceptance of the teacher. This is the reason 
why the teacher must wait to be sought out instead of offering himself. Only 
thus can the instruction take place at the right time and in the right way.

  A teacher's answer to the question of a pupil ought to be clear and definite 
like that expected from an oracle; thereupon it ought to be accepted as a key 
for resolution of doubts and a basis for decision. If mistrustful or 
unintelligent questioning is kept up, it serves only to annoy the teacher. He 
does well to ignore it in silence, just as the oracle gives one answer only and 
refuses to be tempted by questions implying doubt.

  Given addition a perseverance that never slackens until the points are 
mastered one by one, real success is sure to follow. Thus the hexagram 
counsels the teacher as well as the pupil.



I'm am looking for my teacher. I am trying my best in the mean time to learn as
much as I can from all parts of my life experience. But my progress would be
great if I found a trusted teacher, I feel.
