Dear Viki,

Hm, today started out nice enough. It was cool to get into the office early and
talk to Vanessa, Bill, and Benjamin. I have to say though, this UI refactoring
is going to be a huge pain in the ass. The code was not at all designed with
what we are trying to do in mind. Like, not even a little bit. This sucks nuts.

I don't know if I can even do it without creating an internal job api that actually
has all the capabilties we need.

Like, we don't have any of the capabilities we really need right now. It's kind
of a buzz kill. I was hoping this wouldn't take a long time, but I think that it
might. But then again, if I set my mind to it and work persistently I can
probably get it done.

I need to get my sandbox running here so that I can test that the changes I'm
making aren't breaking the whole damn thing. That is a very crucial ingredient 
here.

Yesterday was a pretty great day though. I'm glad to hear that Edgar is doing
better.

I guess I'm just a little upset about this whole ImpishIdea thing. I should get
over it. It's out of my hands now, and the best I can do is express the sentiment
I want to get across and hope that they get the message. The hard thing is always
figuring out how to influence people. People are some of the most interesting
things in the universe. If I could understand how they worked I would really 
have power. The dao de jing alludes to this. The way to really learn about other
people is to learn how I work.

Ah, holy shit, I did not get enough sleep last night, not nearly enough. Damn.

Oh well, I will make sure to get more done now. 

I'm feeling super good about my ability to train federico, to make lots of new
friends, to talk to women, to store my sexual energy. I got to 19 days last time
and I only messed up because of Valentine's Day. That's not going to roll around
for another year, and in another year it's not going to be an issue. I can totally
store my sexual energy forever until I meet a woman. And even then I might keep
going. It feels amazing to have all this energy stored up.
