Dear Viki,

Today something so incredible has happened that I had to document it right away before I started to disbelieve what just happened.

I levitated two different chunks of marijuana ash with my finger. Of course, these were incredibly light, but I think this proves that telekinesis does exist.

Allegedly is a magic word used to ward off many problems. I think my dad understands this important principle. It would not hurt me to begin incorporating the word allegedly into my vocabulary.

Anyway, I hope that I get a bunch of that job stuff done today, that would be cool. And I should write up an RFC of the browser zephyr stuff that Johnson was asking about yesterday.

My dream last night. Hm, seem to have lost it. I remember going to like Northfield with Andy. 

I ought to setup a system so that I can wake up and record my dreams by speaking in the morning. That way I wouldn't have to move as much and can get proper dream recall. That would be the best way to keep a dream journal. Also a trip journal.

Today's oracle:
6 --   -- 8
5 --   -- 8
4 ---o--- 9
3 ---o--- 9
2 ------- 7
1 ------- 7

34. The Power of the Great -> 19. Approach

	Nine in the third place means:
	The inferior man works through power.
	The superior man does not act thus.
	To continue is dangerous.
	A goat butts against a hedge
	And gets its horns entangled.

Making a boast of power leads to entanglements, just as a goat entangles its 
horns when it butts against a hedge. Whereas an inferior man revels in 
power when he comes into possession of it, the superior man never makes 
this mistake. He is conscious at all times of the danger of pushing ahead 
regardless of circumstances, and therefore renounces in good time the empty 
display of force.


	Nine in the fourth place means:
	Perseverance brings good fortune.
	Remorse disappears.
	The hedge opens; there is no entanglement.
	Power depends upon the axle of a big cart.

If a man goes on quietly and perseveringly working at the removal of 
resistances, success comes in the end. The obstructions give way and all 
occasion for remorse arising from excessive use of power disappears.

Such a man's power does not show externally, yet it can move heavy loads, 
like a big cart whose real strength lies in its axle. The less that power is 
applied outwardly, the greater its effect.

Once again, the oracle is extremely applicable to life. This is synchronicity at its finest. So I take that to mean that I am making good progress in what I do, but I must be careful not to proclaim my power and revel in it. Instead I will simply continue to quietly work on bettering myself.


	THE JUDGMENT


	APPROACH has supreme success.
	Perseverance furthers.
	When the eighth month comes,
	There will be misfortune.

The hexagram as a whole points to a time of joyous, hopeful progress. Spring 
is approaching. Joy and forbearance bring high and low nearer together. 
Success is certain. But we must work with determination and perseverance 
to make full use of the propitiousness of the time. And on thing more: 
spring does not last forever. In the eighth month the aspects are reversed. 
Then only two strong, light lines are left; these do not advance but are in 
retreat (see next hexagram). We must take heed of this change in good time. 
If we meet evil before it becomes reality-before it has even begun to stir-we 
can master it.

I think this means that I must be proactive in using this period of progress to set up strong foundations for the future, when the going can get tougher.


	THE IMAGE


	The earth above the lake:
	The image of APPROACH.
	Thus the superior man is inexhaustible
	In his will to teach,
	And without limits
	In his tolerance and protection of the people.

The earth borders upon the lake from above. This symbolizes the approach 
and condescension of the man of higher position to those beneath him. The 
two parts of the image indicate what his attitude toward these people will be. 
Just as the lake is inexhaustible in depth, so the sage is inexhaustible in his 
readiness to teach mankind, and just as the earth is boundlessly wide, 
sustaining and caring for all creatures on it, so the sage sustains and cares for 
all people and excludes no part of humanity.

This is beautiful and inspiring, however.

Argument is not war.
Argument is a process of coming to an agreement.

Even better! Argument is dance!
Argument is music!
Arugment is a performanc!

Yes!

Love is a collaborative work of art.

Metaphor is magic.

Time to start casting some magic!

Programming is art.
Programming is writing.
Programming is magic.
Is is magic.
Isis

Time is a wave.
I am surfing time.

Porn is poison.
Pot is pointless.

Hm. One of the most powerful spells that I need to figure out and cast for myself is

LIFE IS _____
Life is an adventure.


Sailthru is tribe



Dreeam journal

I was hanging out with Andy in Minnesota. Seemed like a continuation of yesterday somehow. He was playing CoD and I was at his house watching, and we were planning out how we schedule the next few days. Alex was going to drive us back to Minneapolis or something. Andy was going to finish watching Buffy. I was trying to figure out how I would do my Sailthru work from Minnesota.
