Dear Viki,

It seems that my body is sending me very strong signals that I should abstain from the use of marijuana
in the form of throat aches after I smoke. So I think that I shall. The whole point of everything
I have been doing is to become more receptive of such information.

I will be seeing Holly tonight. I wonder what type she is. I wonder how far I should take things tonight.

Probably not that far. I don't know. I've prepared my apartment in case she really does want to come over.

Maybe I sort of prompted her into it with my language. That might not have been right of me. I don't
have any condoms, so I'm not sure what my game plan even would be. I don't know that I want to take
things that far tonight. We'll see how the night progresses. It'll be very interesting.

At one point in my dreams last night a girl leaned over me and almost kissed me.
I've been having very strange dreams lately, but I haven't been hyper vigilant 
about recording them. Perhaps this is a fault of mine. I need to figure out
how to completely disable my alarms so that I can sleep freely.

Wow, the internet not working is really a bummer right now.

I'm very curious to find out who my spirit/power animals are. I seem to be getting
hints that they might include the mouse, the elephant, and the hawk.

This time without internet is a great opportunity for me to use my computer and
wordwright without being distracted by the riches of information available to
me on the computer. I will make the greatest use of this time in order to 
further my creative efforts.

Hm, the internet sure is taking a long time.

Multiple buffers in vim is really awesome.

I think that doing just a little bit of exercise a bunch of times a day like I
do seems to be a winning strategy for gaining strength without exerting a lot
of effort. The point is that strength is a skill, and that it is something I
practice, not "work out", which is actually a great way to exhaust muscles and
not end up gaining strength. It seems that as society gets more and more complex
people are getting more and more out of touch with their bodies, until they get
to the point where they don't know how to do anything properly anymore. It is
kind of hilarious I have to say. Hopefully I will get better and better at 
using my body and mind. I ought to start practicing techniques that will improve
my memory and further improve my concentration.

I know that it is possible to develop a phenomenal memory, but I just need to be
dilligent and practice what I need to in order to gain that ability. Just like
the way I am practicing my vision in order to get it much better. Most people
either don't believe me, or they think that I am wearing contacts, but I'll show
them. More importantly, I will clearly see the looks on their faces. :)

I hope I can look into a girl's eyes from a much greater distance. I hope that my
eyes are open and invitiing. That they give people positive emotions, that they 
can find and heal physical ailments. That they give me great acuity and ability
to notice everything that is going on in my field of vision. I hope to have good
awareness of my peripheral vision.

Okay, seriously, I think I need to re-read Path Notes and Shadow Strategies and
really follow everything there quite seriously. And you know, it is ridiculous,
I paid for the kundalini course but didn't even participate in it. How silly is
that? Because I didn't have my life in order when I was getting to that. I need
to start becoming more disciplined, despite all the "drawbacks" that will have.

Okay, perfect, I am getting some tiME finally. I think I will use this to work
on Aliza maybe? I think that could be a good idea.


Hm, so I guess the thing about how women are attracted to the one dominant man
in any social group is true. Alyxa and the other women here cleary want to have
sex with Neil, as in the Sailthru context he is the dominant male. Not to mention
he was a good flirter. He stole Alyxa's chair, and then told her, "So I heard
you stole my chair." 

This trip to princeton tomorrow should be pretty fun. I hope that I will be seeing
the EDC people there again, because that would be fantastic. But even if I don't,
it will be nice to hang out with Danny finally, because we have not gotten to do
that enough.
