Dear Viki,

I just had an interesting and strange dream.


But before that I was hanging out at "my apartment" which was a much larger space with Dexter and Emily, and getting to know them better. Dexter apparently setup this thing for his son where he raised a bunch of money so that his son could go all around the world doing charity work. Emily and I were shocked that we almost never talked since we joined. We joked about Minnetonka and Minnsota.

I was at some sort of hotel or convention with Dennis when he ran off.

Apparently at the convention place I ran into Josh, and we were playing some magic. There was a girl there with us with red hair, and a little bit of baby fat, but she was still decently attractive. I flirted with her a bit. Josh took a picture of me holding my magic cards in a position that made it look like my penis (sort of), and I joked that my penis really was that big, and asked if she wanted it. She said she couldn't handle it, and I said that most women do, but I forgive them. Then I leapt up a long flight of stairs in one bound. 

Oddly enough, we had been playing outside in the dark before that, and when we "went inside" we apparently just ended up in California where we were on a sunny terrace. As I was waiting for Josh to get up the stairs so we could resume our game of magic I noticed these small clouds moving very erratically. I pointed them out to Josh and the girl and we were quite alarmed, especially when the clouds revealed themselves to be menacing looking flying metal objects.

Then our military showed up, and announced that, yes they were the aliens that had been here all along.

Or really, I should say a voice in the sky declared, "Yes, they were always there. You weren't ready to see them." Or something to that effect.

I am unsure what to make of this,  but I am impressed with the progress I have been making with hypnosis already. This is one of the clearest dream recollections I've had in a ges.

I think this dream might be a metaphor for the unfoldment of metaphysical reality that it seems I am getting closer and closer to.
