
        
            
      
    
  Sanity
         

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   
  3. Chun / Difficulty at the Beginning





    
above  K'AN
THE ABYSMAL, WATER

    
below  CHêN
THE AROUSING, THUNDER


The name of the hexagram, Chun, really connotes a blade of grass pushing 
against an obstacle as it sprouts out of the earth—hence the meaning, 
"difficulty at the beginning." The hexagram indicates the way in which 
heaven and earth bring forth individual beings. It is their first meeting, 
which is beset with difficulties. The lower trigram Chên is the Arousing; its 
motion is upward and its image is thunder. The upper trigram K'an stands 
for the Abysmal, the dangerous. Its motion is downward and its image is 
rain. The situation points to teeming, chaotic profusion; thunder and rain fill 
the air. But the chaos clears up. While the Abysmal sinks, the upward 
movement eventually passes beyond the danger. A thunderstorm brings 
release from tension, and all things breathe freely again.


    THE JUDGMENT


    DIFFICULTY AT THE BEGINNING works supreme success,
    Furthering through perseverance.
    Nothing should be undertaken.
    It furthers one to appoint helpers.

Times of growth are beset with difficulties. They resemble a first birth. But 
these difficulties arise from the very profusion of all that is struggling to 
attain form . Everything is in motion: therefore if one perseveres there is a 
prospect of great success, in spite of the existing danger. When it is a man's 
fate to undertake such new beginnings, everything is still unformed, dark. 
Hence he must hold back, because any premature move might bring disaster. 
Likewise, it is very important not to remain alone; in order to overcome the 
chaos he needs helpers. This is not to say, however, that he himself should 
look on passively at what is happening. He must lend his hand and 
participate with inspiration and guidance.


    THE IMAGE


    Clouds and thunder:
    The image of DIFFICULTY AT THE BEGINNING.
    Thus the superior man
    Brings order out of confusion.

Clouds and thunder are represented by definite decorative lines; this means 
that in the chaos of difficulty at the beginning, order is already implicit. So 
too the superior man has to arrange and organize the inchoate profusion of 
such times of beginning, just as one sorts out silk threads from a knotted 
tangle and binds them into skeins. In order to find one's place in the infinity 
of being, one must be able both to separate and to unite.


    
Moving
Lines
This
Hexagram
This Hexagram
+ Moving Lines
6 --   -- 8
5 ------- 7
4 --   -- 8
3 --   -- 8
2 --   -- 8
1 ---o--- 9
 

3. Chun / Difficulty at the Beginning

 

8. Pi / Holding Together [union]

    Present Potential


    THE LINES


    Nine at the beginning means:
    Hesitation and hindrance.
    It furthers one to remain persevering.
    It furthers one to appoint helpers.

If a person encounters a hindrance at the beginning of an enterprise, he must 
not try to force advance but must pause and take thought. However, nothing 
should put him off his course; he must persevere and constantly keep the 
goal in sight. It is important to seek out the right assistants, but he can find 
them only if he avoids arrogance and associated with his fellows in a spirit of 
humility. Only then will he attract those with whose help he can combat the 
difficulties.


    Six in the second place means:
    Difficulties pile up.
    Horse and wagon part.
    He is not a robber;
    He wants to woo when the time comes.
    The maiden is chaste,
    She does not pledge herself.
    Ten years—then she pledges herself.

We find ourselves beset by difficulties and hindrances. Suddenly there is a 
turn of affairs, as if someone were coming up with a horse and wagon and 
unhitching them. This event comes so unexpectedly that we assume the 
newcomer to be a robber. Gradually it becomes clear that he has no evil 
intentions but seeks to be friendly and to offer help. But this offer is not to be 
accepted, because it does not come from the right quarter. We must wait until 
the time is fulfilled; ten years is a fulfilled cycle of time. Then normal 
conditions return of themselves, and we can join forces with the friend 
intended for us.

  Using the image of a betrothed girl who remains true to her lover in face of 
grave conflicts, the hexagram gives counsel for a special situation. When in 
times of difficulty a hindrance is encountered and unexpected relief is offered 
from a source unrelated to us, we must be careful and not take upon 
ourselves any obligations entailed by such help; otherwise our freedom of 
decision is impaired. If we bide our time, things will quiet down again, and 
we shall attain what we have hoped for.


    Six in the third place means:
    Whoever hunts deer without the forester
    Only loses his way in the forest.
    The superior man understands the signs of the time
    And prefers to desist.
    To go on brings humiliation.

If a man tries to hunt in a strange forest and has no guide, he loses his way. 
When he finds himself in difficulties he must not try to steal out of them 
unthinkingly and without guidance. Fate cannot be duped; premature effort, 
without the necessary guidance, ends in failure and disgrace.  Therefore the 
superior man, discerning the seeds of coming events, prefers to renounce a 
wish rather than to provoke failure and humiliation by trying to force its 
fulfillment.

        
    Six in the fourth place means:
    Horse and wagon part.
    Strive for union.
    To go brings good fortune.
    Everything acts to further.

We are in a situation in which it is our duty to act, but we lack sufficient 
power. However, an opportunity to make connections offers itself. It must be 
seized. Neither false pride nor false reserve should deter us. Bringing oneself 
to take the first step, even when it involves a certain degree of self-
abnegation, is a sign of inner clarity. To accept help in a difficult situation is 
not a disgrace. If the right helper is found, all goes well.


    Nine in the fifth place means:
    Difficulties in blessing.
    A little perseverance brings good fortune.
    Great perseverance brings misfortune.

An individual is in a position in which he cannot so express his good 
intentions that they will actually take shape and be understood. Other people 
interpose and distort everything he does. He should then be cautious and 
proceed step by step. He must not try to force the consummation of a great 
undertaking, because success is possible only when general confidence already 
prevails. It is only through faithful and conscientious work, unobtrusively 
carried on, that the situation gradually clears up and the hindrance 
disappears.


    Six at the top means:
    Horse and wagon part.
    Bloody tears flow.

The difficulties at the beginning are too great for some persons. They get 
stuck and never find their way out; they fold their hands and give up the 
struggle. Such resignation is the saddest of all things. Therefore Confucius 
says of this line: "Bloody tears flow: one should not persist in this."
Also see:
James Legge Yî King #3
I Ching Plus Hexagram Notes #3
Chinese Text for #3

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   


        
            
      
    
  MessianicMilitarist
         

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   
  8. Pi / Holding Together [union]





    
above  K'AN
THE ABYSMAL, WATER

    
below  K'UN
THE RECEPTIVE, EARTH


The waters on the surface of the earth flow together wherever they can, as for 
example in the ocean, where all the rivers come together. Symbolically this 
connotes holding together and the laws that regulate it. The same idea is 
suggested by the fact that all the lines of the hexagram except the fifth, the 
place of the ruler, are yielding. The yielding lines hold together because they 
are influenced by a man of strong will in the leading position, a man who is 
their center of union. Moreover, this strong and guiding personality in turn 
holds together with the others, finding in them the complement of his own 
nature.


    THE JUDGMENT


    HOLDING TOGETHER brings good fortune.
    Inquire of the oracle once again
    Whether you possess sublimity, constancy, and perseverance;
    Then there is no blame.
    Those who are uncertain gradually join.
    Whoever come too late
    Meets with misfortune.

What is required is that we unite with others, in order that all may 
complement and aid one another through holding together. But such 
holding together calls for a central figure around whom other persons may 
unite. To become a center of influence holding people together is a grave 
matter and fraught with great responsibility. It requires greatness of spirit, 
consistency, and strength. Therefore let him who wishes to gather others 
about him ask himself whether he is equal to the undertaking, for anyone 
attempting the task without a real calling for it only makes confusion worse 
than if no union at all had taken place.

  But when there is a real rallying point, those who at first are hesitant or 
uncertain gradually come in of their own accord. Late-comers must suffer the 
consequences, for in holding together the question of the right time is also 
important. Relationships are formed and firmly established according to 
definite inner laws. Common experiences strengthen these ties, and he who 
comes too late to share in these basic experiences must suffer for it if, as a 
straggler, he finds the door locked.

  If a man has recognized the necessity for union and does not feel strong 
enough to function as the center, it is his duty to become a member of some 
other organic fellowship.


    THE IMAGE


    On the earth is water:
    The image of HOLDING TOGETHER.
    Thus the kings of antiquity
    Bestowed the different states as fiefs
    And cultivated friendly relations
    With the feudal lords.

Water fills up all the empty places on the earth and clings fast to it. The social 
organization of ancient China was based on this principle of the holding 
together of dependents and rulers. Water flows to unite with water, because 
all parts of it are subject to the same laws. So too should human society hold 
together through a community of interests that allows each individual to feel 
himself a member of a whole. The central power of a social organization 
must see to it that every member finds that his true interest lies in holding 
together with it, as was the case in the paternal relationship between king and 
vassals in ancient China.


    
    THE LINES


    Six at the beginning means:
    Hold to him in truth and loyalty;
    This is without blame.
    Truth, like a full earthen bowl"
    Thus in the end
    Good fortune comes from without.

Fundamental sincerity is the only proper basis for forming relationships. 
This attitude, symbolized by a full earthen bowl, in which the content is 
everything and the empty form nothing, shows itself not in clever words but 
through the strength of what lies within the speaker. This strength is so great 
that it has power to attract good fortune to itself from without.


    Six in the second place means:
    Hold to him inwardly.
    Perseverance brings good fortune.

    
If a person responds perseveringly and in the right way to the behests from 
above that summon him to action, his relations with others are intrinsic and 
he does not lose himself. But if a man seeks association with others as if he 
were an obsequious office hunter, he throws himself away. He does not 
follow the path of the superior man, who never loses his dignity.


    Six in the third place means:
    You hold together with the wrong people.

We are often among people who do not belong to our own sphere. In that 
case we must beware of being drawn into false intimacy through force of 
habit. Needless to say, this would have evil consequences. Maintaining 
sociability without intimacy is the only right attitude toward people, because 
otherwise we should not be free to enter into relationship with people of our 
own kind later on.


    Six in the fourth place means:
    Hold to him outwardly also.
    Perseverance brings good fortune.

Here the relations with a man who is the center of union are well established. 
Then we may, and indeed we should, show our attachment openly. But we 
must remain constant and not allow ourselves to be led astray.


    Nine in the fifth place means:
    Manifestation of holding together.
    In the hunt the king uses beaters on three sides only
    And forgoes game that runs off in front.
    The citizens need no warning.
    Good fortune.

    
In the royal hunts of ancient China it was customary to drive up the game 
from three sides, but on the fourth the animals had a chance to run off. If 
they failed to do this they had to pass through a gate behind which the king 
stood ready to shoot. Only animals that entered here were shot; those that 
ran off in front were permitted to escape. This custom accorded with a kingly 
attitude; the royal hunter did not wish to turn the chase into a slaughter, but 
held that the kill should consist only of those animals which had so to speak 
voluntarily exposed themselves. 
  There is depicted here a ruler, or influential man, to whom people are 
attracted. Those who come to him he accepts, those who do not come are 
allowed to go their own way. He invited none, flatters none—all come of 
their own free will. In this way there develops a voluntary dependence 
among those who hold him. They do not have to be constantly on their 
guard but may express their opinions openly. Police measures are not 
necessary, and they cleave to their ruler of their own volition. The same 
principle of freedom is valid for life in general. We should not woo favor 
from people. If a man cultivates within himself the purity and the strength 
that are necessary for one who is the center of a fellowship, those who are 
meant for him come of their own accord.

    
    Six at the top means:
    He finds no head for holding together.
    Misfortune.

    
The head is the beginning. If the beginning is not right, there is no hope of a 
right ending. If we have missed the right moment for union and go on 
hesitating to give complete and full devotion, we shall regret the error when 
it is too late.

Also see:
James Legge Yî King #8
I Ching Plus Hexagram Notes #8
Chinese Text for #8

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   

        
            
      
    
  Discovering the Way of the Shaman
         

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   
  44. Kou / Coming to Meet





    
above  CH'IEN
THE CREATIVE, HEAVEN

    
below  SUN
THE GENTLE, WIND


This hexagram indicates a situation in which the principle of darkness, after 
having been eliminated, furtively and unexpectedly obtrudes again from 
within and below. Of its own accord the female principle comes to meet the 
male. It is an unfavorable and dangerous situation, and we must understand 
and promptly prevent the possible consequences.

  The hexagram is linked with the fifth month [June-July], because at the 
summer solstice the principle of darkness gradually becomes ascendant again. 

    THE JUDGMENT


    COMING TO MEET. The maiden is powerful.
    One should not marry such a maiden.

The rise of the inferior element is pictured here in the image of a bold girl 
who lightly surrenders herself and thus seizes power. This would not be 
possible if the strong and light-giving element had not in turn come halfway. 
The inferior thing seems so harmless and inviting that a man delights in it; it 
looks so small and weak that he imagines he may dally with it and come to 
no harm.

  The inferior man rises only because the superior man does not regard him 
as dangerous and so lends him power. If he were resisted from the fist, he 
could never gain influence.

  The time of COMING TO MEET is important in still another way. 
Although as a general rule the weak should not come to meet the strong, 
there are times when this has great significance. When heaven and earth 
come to meet each other, all creatures prosper; when a prince and his official 
come to meet each other, the world is put in order. It is necessary for 
elements predestined to be joined and mutually dependent to come to meet 
one another halfway. But the coming together must be free of dishonest 
ulterior motives, otherwise harm will result.


    THE IMAGE


    Under heaven, wind:
    The image of COMING TO MEET.
    Thus does the prince act when disseminating his commands
    And proclaiming them to the four quarters of heaven.

The situation here resembles that in hexagram 20, Kuan, CONTEMPLATION 
( VIEW). In the latter the wind blows over the earth, here it blows under 
heaven; in both cases it goes everywhere. There the wind is on the earth and 
symbolizes the ruler taking note of the conditions in his kingdom; here the 
wind blows from above and symbolizes the influence exercised by the ruler 
through his commands. Heaven is far from the things of earth, but it sets 
them in motion by means of the wind. The ruler is far form his people, but 
he sets them in motion by means of his commands and decrees.


    
Moving
Lines
This
Hexagram
This Hexagram
+ Moving Lines
6 ---o--- 9
5 ------- 7
4 ------- 7
3 ---o--- 9
2 ------- 7
1 --   -- 8
 

44. Kou / Coming to Meet

 

47. K'un / Oppression (Exhaustion)

    Present Potential


    THE LINES


    Six at the beginning means:
    It must be checked with a brake of bronze.
    Perseverance brings good fortune.
    If one lets it take its course, one experiences misfortune.
    Even a lean pig has it in him to rage around.

If an inferior element has wormed its way in, it must be energetically checked 
at once. By consistently checking it, bad effects can be avoided. If it is allowed 
to take its course, misfortune is bound to result; the insignificance of that 
which creeps in should not be a temptation to underrate it. A pig that is still 
young and lean cannot rage around much, but after it has eaten its fill and 
become strong, its true nature comes out if it has not previously been curbed.


    Nine in the second place means:
    There is a fish in the tank. No blame.
    Does not further guests.

The inferior element is not overcome by violence but is kept under gentle 
control. Then nothing evil is to be feared. But care must be taken not to let it 
come in contact with those further away, because once free it would unfold its 
evil aspects unchecked.


    Nine in the third place means: 
    There is no skin on his thighs,
    And walking comes hard.
    If one is mindful of the danger,
    No great mistake is made.

There is a temptation to fall in with the evil element offering itself-a very 
dangerous situation. Fortunately circumstances prevent this; one would like 
to do it, but cannot. This leads to painful indecision in behavior. But if we 
gain clear insight into the danger of the situation, we shall at least avoid more 
serious mistakes.


    Nine in the fourth place means:
    No fish in the tank.
    This leads to misfortune.

Insignificant people must be tolerated in order to keep them well disposed. 
Then we can make use of them if we should need them. If we become 
alienated from them and do not meet them halfway, they turn their backs on 
us and are not at our disposal when we need them. But this is our own fault.


    Nine in the fifth place means:
    A melon covered with willow leaves.
    Hidden lines.
    Then it drops down to one from heave.

The melon, like the fish, is a symbol of the principle of darkness. It is sweet 
but spoils easily and for this reason is protected with a cover of willow leaves. 
This is a situation in which a strong, superior, well-poised man tolerates and 
protects the inferiors in his charge.  He has the firm lines of order an beauty 
within himself but he does not lay stress upon them. He does not bother his 
subordinates with outward show or tiresome admonitions but leaves them 
quite free, putting his trust in the transforming power of a strong and upright 
personality. And behold! Fate is favorable. His inferiors respond to his 
influence and fall to his disposition like ripe fruit.


    Nine at the top means:
    He comes to meet with his horns.
    Humiliation. No blame.

When a man has withdrawn from the world, its tumult often becomes 
unbearable to him. There are many people who in a noble pride hold 
themselves aloof from all that is low and rebuff it brusquely wherever it 
comes to meet them. Such persons are reproached for being proud and 
distant, but since active duties no longer hold them to the world, this does 
not greatly matter. They know how to bear the dislike of the masses with 
composure.
Also see:
James Legge Yî King #44
I Ching Plus Hexagram Notes #44
Chinese Text for #44

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   


        
            
      
    
  Why Capitalists Want To Sell You Deodorant
         

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   
  47. K'un / Oppression (Exhaustion)





    
above  TUI
THE JOYOUS, LAKE

    
below  K'AN
THE ABYSMAL, WATER


The lake is above, water below; the lake is empty, dried up. Exhaustion is 
expressed in yet another way: at the top, a dark line is holding down two light 
lines below, a light line is hemmed in between two dark ones. The upper 
trigram belongs to the principle of darkness, the lower to the principle of 
light. Thus everywhere superior men are oppressed and held in restraint by 
inferior men.


    THE JUDGMENT


    OPPRESSION. Success. Perseverance.
    The great man brings about good fortune.
    No blame.
    When one has something to say,
    It is not believed.

Times of adversity are the reverse of times of success, but they can lead to 
success if they befall the right man. When a strong man meets with 
adversity, he remains cheerful despite all danger, and this cheerfulness is the 
source of later successes; it is that stability which is stronger than fate. He who 
lets his spirit be broken by exhaustion certainly has no success. But if 
adversity only bends a man, it creates in him a power to react that is bound in 
time to manifest itself. No inferior man is capable of this. Only the great 
man brings about good fortune and remains blameless. It is true that for the 
time being outward influence is denied him, because his words have no 
effect. Therefore in times of adversity it is important to be strong within and 
sparing of words.


    THE IMAGE


    There is not water in the lake:
    The image of EXHAUSTION.
    Thus the superior man stakes his life
    On following his will.

When the water has flowed out below, the lake must dry up and become 
exhausted. That is fate. This symbolizes an adverse fate in human life. In 
such times there is nothing a man can do but acquiesce in his fate and remain 
true to himself. This concerns the deepest stratum of his being, for this alone 
is superior to all external fate.


    
    THE LINES


    Six at the beginning means:
    One sits oppressed under a bare tree
    And strays into a gloomy valley.
    For three years one sees nothing.

When adversity befalls a man, it is important above all things for him to be 
strong and to overcome the trouble inwardly. If he is weak, the trouble 
overwhelms him. Instead of proceeding on his way, he remains sitting under 
a bare tree and falls ever more deeply into gloom and melancholy. This 
makes the situation only more and more hopeless. Such an attitude comes 
from an inner delusion that he must by all means overcome.


    Nine in the second place means:
    One is oppressed while at meat and drink.
    The man with the scarlet knee bands is just coming.
    It furthers one to offer sacrifice.
    To set forth brings misfortune.
    No blame.

This pictures a state of inner oppression. Externally, all is well, one has meat 
and drink. But one is exhausted by the commonplaces of life, and there 
seems to be no way of escape. Then help comes from a high place. A prince-
in ancient China princes wore scarlet knee bands- is in search of able helpers. 
But there are still obstructions to be overcome. Therefore it is important to 
meet these obstructions in the visible realm by offerings and prayer. To set 
forth without being prepared would be disastrous, though not morally wrong. 
Here a disagreeable situation must be overcome by patience of spirit.


    Six in the third place means:
    A man permits himself to be oppressed by stone,
    And leans on thorns and thistles.
    He enters the house and does not see his wife.
    Misfortune.

This shows a man who is restless and indecisive in times of adversity. At 
first he wants to push ahead, then he encounters obstructions that, it is true, 
mean oppression only when recklessly dealt with. He butts his head against a 
wall and in consequence feels himself oppressed by the wall. Then he leans 
on things that have in themselves no stability and that are merely a hazard 
for him who leans on them.  Thereupon he turns back irresolutely and 
retires into his house, only to find, as a fresh disappointment, that his wife is 
not there. Confucius says about this line: 

If a man permits himself to be oppressed by something that ought not to 
oppress him, his name will certainly be disgraced. If he leans on things upon 
which one cannot lean, his life will certainly be endangered. For him who is 
in disgrace and danger, the hour of death draws near; how can he then still 
see his wife?



    Nine in the fourth place means:
    He comes very quietly, oppressed in a golden carriage.
    Humiliation, but the end is reached.

A well-to-do man sees the need of the lower classes and would like very 
much to be of help. But instead of proceeding with speed and energy where 
their is need, he begins in a hesitant and measured way. Then he encounters 
obstructions. Powerful and wealthy acquaintances draw him into their circle; 
he has to do as they do and cannot withdraw from them. Hence he finds 
himself in great embarrassment. But the trouble is transitory. The original 
strength of his nature offsets the mistake he has made, and the goal is 
reached.


    Nine in the fifth place means:
    His nose and feet are cut off.
    Oppression at the hands of the man with the purple knee bands.
    Joy comes softly.
    It furthers one to make offerings and libations.

An individual who has the good of mankind at heart is oppressed from 
above and below (this is the meaning of the cutting off of nose an defeat). He 
finds no help among the people whose duty it would be to aid in the work of 
rescue (ministers wore purple knee bands). But little by little, things take a 
turn for the better. Until that time, he should turn to God, firm in his inner 
composure, and pray and offer sacrifice for the general well-being.


    Six at the top means:
    He is oppressed by creeping vines.
    He moves uncertainly and says, "Movement brings remorse."
    If one feels remorse over this and makes a start,
    Good fortune comes.

A man is oppressed by bonds that can easily be broken.  The distress is 
drawing to an end. But he is still irresolute; he is still influenced by the 
previous condition and fears that he may have cause for regret if he makes a 
move. But as soon as he grasps the situation, changes this mental attitude, 
and makes a firm decision, he masters the oppression.

Also see:
James Legge Yî King #47
I Ching Plus Hexagram Notes #47
Chinese Text for #47

 HOME · RANDOM—RSS · INDEX · ICALC 
 TWZ · CODE · MULTIGRAM · LINKS
 deoxy.org
 
    Commentary    < previous · next >   [LINK]
   
