Dear Viki,

I guess a few things strike me as important about today. One thing is Federico isn't around, so that gives me a chance to get a ton of work done today and make it look like Federico is slowing me down. To be honest, he is to an extent, but this will just be a good way of establishing a heirarchy of experience, on which I am definitely higher. That is not to say that I won't strive my hardest to get Federico on my level, but the plain facts of the matter are that there is a learning curve, and it simply takes time to absorb all the information that is required to work at Sailthru. I wll admit I feel that I have not been the best teacher so far. It seems that I do not understand Sailthru well enogh myself to explain it to someone else, so that is something thatI must work on.

In my dream last night I had sex with a woman, and I brought her to orgasm before cumming in her vagina.

So that was pretty unexpected. I'm still processing it, but in the dream I was disappointed at how mundane it was, although I was glad to have given the girl pleasure. In retrospect, I still have no idea what the inside of a vagina feels like, as my dream was cleary using my experience with a fleshlight to fill in, but that's okay.

But I wouldn't be surprised if I had sex in circumstances like that (I was at a party, with a friend, not sure who he was, maybe someone like Randall, we each had a girl and were going to go at it. His girl was hotter) it would be disappointing. I guess I may well just save myself for marriage. Wouldn't be the worst thing in the world, I don't think.

It really isn't a matter of whether I will have sex, but just when, and with whom. I might as well wait for the best possible experience I can have with my first time, and I know the tao will deliver.

I feel kind of relieved to know that Lexi Belle was just a facebook profile bot. So I didn't blow my chance with her. 

It felt good yesterday to start making posters for myself. I should learn to keep myself motivated. I ought to work on ALIZA some more. Maybe I should actually work on her as a Scala project. Might be a good way to learn scala.

Although, I do have a good start already in Ruby, which I might as well continue. 

Refactoring is a really fun puzzle.

Hm, I guess my work can be pretty challenging. I'm not really sure entirely what to do. But that's okay. I will muddle through. I guess I need to design an API or something. That should be fun. I ought to get some paper so I can do that? 

Naw, I should get used to being able to express creative ideas by typing, because this is the predominate and convenient way to convey written information in this day and age. I think that the way I type is pretty cool, because I move my hands around in a very efficient manner. I definitely do not type acoording to accepted typing form, but I seem to do it quickly enough, and with enough finesse to make it as a programmer.
