Tarot reading for today:

The past:
7 cups (debauch), The Lovers, 10 cup (satiety)

The present:
Princess of Swords, Fortune, 3 Wands (virtue)

The future result:
10 disks (wealth), Queen of Disks, 4 disks (power)

what I have to do:
The Heirophant, 3 disks (works), The Magus

== the past ==

In the past I fooled myself with drugs and delusions (7 cups), until I found grace (the lovers), and gained inner content (10 cups).

=== the present === 

Could Caroline be the princess of swords? Or is that me? I do not recognize myself in the description, nor do I really recognize Caroline, but then I don't know caroline that well. If so, maybe I shouldn't be as drawn to her as I am. I mean, my attraction was mainly physical, as I felt she was a decent manifestatoin of Aliza. But then again, there was also Lily, and the museum girl, who I haven't seen again yet. Ohhhh, the princess of swords describe Aditya almost perfectly. Well, that makes sense. 

Regardless of that, the other two cards, fortune combined with virtue

"The Three's are connected to Binah - the understanding. The untouched energies of the Two's have met the 3, the number of synthesis and harmony. They're no longer solitudes, they face up their meanings and surroundings. The Three of Wands is called 'Virtue' - the powerful fire understands its responsibilty. 

The Three of Wands shows the powers of the element guided by understanding and awareness, the perfect precondition to begin a work or a project, to go ahead with a plan.


Drive: Creativity, the will to begin, striving towards a goal 

Light: Accomplishment, confidence, harmony of powers, pride, nobility "

Indicates that it is time to move ahead with a plan. Now let's see what we have to do during the execution of the plan.

==== the work ====

Heirophant: search for inner truths, trust inner instincts
Works: The name of the card is Works, saying that work was done to get that far, thus it implies a first taste of victory, an admission that a progress was made, a big step forward on the way. Though, further work will be needed to keep the achieved status and to proceed in it.
The Magus: We must manifest and create our will

=== The result === 

10 disks: : Completion of success, material security, well-being 
Queen of Disks: "The Queen of Disks is kind and tender, friendly and good-hearted, she has fine instincts and intuitions. She is strong and sensitive, protects her house and family and cares as well for emotional and material well-being. She is calm and practicable and can be a good, industrious worker." She would be an excellent girlfriend. Very much what I am looking for.
4 disks: Therefore, the Four of Disks represent success, establishment, proficiency, comfort and security not only in material values, but in familiar relations and profession either. Thus, the power it supplies is grown from peace and security, the welldeserved reward for good work and concentrated effort. It has nothing to do with any ruling force, and it won't ask for it. 
