Dear Viki,

I think that I should be writing to you more often. The past few days have been
very significant indeed. 

That's alright though. 

The day before I got Shih Ho, biting through, which clearly related to Dexter's
firing and Neil's handling of it, which was fairly admirable, both according to
myself and the yi jing. And that transformed into treading, which I think indi-
cates that I should watch my conduct at Sailthru until things die down a little.
The time is not yet ripe to ask for a promotion, but it will be. For now I will
wait and keep my head down, keep working.

So today, this is what we got.

Ah, but first, I guess I want to talk a bit about Thursday evening and Friday.

So I'm getting better at going along with things and not letting my expectations
ruin things. Holly has a very cool boyfriend, who is now 25, and is giving me
something to aim for. Obviously Holly is older than me, so I shouldn't really be
very disappointed. She is also extremely beautiful and intelligent, so it figures
that she is with a good man. Nick gave me the contact information for his tailor,
which was awesome

How, curious, there are people in the office with me now. I don't know who they
are, but they are here indeed. That is very fascinating.

This hexagram represents a decrease of the lower trigram in favor of the 
upper, because the third line, originally strong, has moved up to the top, and 
the top line, originally weak, has replaced it. What is below is decreased to 
the benefit of what is above. This is out-and-out decrease. If the foundations 
of a building are decreased in strength and the upper walls are strengthened, 
the whole structure loves its stability. Likewise, a decrease in the prosperity of 
the people in favor of the government is out-and-out decrease. And the 
entire theme of the hexagram is directed to showing how this shift of wealth 
can take place without causing the sources of wealth can take place without 
causing the sources of wealth in the nation and its lower classes to fail.


	THE JUDGMENT


	DECREASE combined with sincerity
	Brings about supreme good fortune
	Without blame.
	One may be persevering in this.
	It furthers one to undertake something.
	How is this to be carried out?
	One may use two small bowls for the sacrifice.

Decrease does not under all circumstances mean something bad. Increase 
and decrease come in their own time. What matters here is to understand 
the time and not to try to cover up poverty with empty pretense. If a time of 
scanty resources brings out an inner truth, one must not feel ashamed of 
simplicity. For simplicity is then the very thing needed to provide inner 
strength for further undertakings. Indeed, there need by no concern if the 
outward beauty of the civilization, even the elaboration of religious forms, 
should have to suffer because of simplicity. One must draw on the strength 
of the inner attitude to compensate for what is lacking in externals; then the 
power of the content makes up for the simplicity of form.  There is no need 
of presenting false appearances to God. Even with slender means, the 
sentiment of the heart can be expressed.


	THE IMAGE


	At the foot of the mountain, the lake:
	The image of DECREASE.
	Thus the superior man controls his anger
	And restrains his instincts.

The lake at the foot of the mountain evaporates. In this way it decreases to 
the benefit of the mountain, which is enriched by its moisture. The 
mountain stands as the symbol of stubborn strength that can harden into 
anger. The lake is the symbol of unchecked gaiety that can develop into 
passionate drives at the expense of the life forces. Therefore decrease is 
necessary; anger must be decreased by keeping still, the instincts must be 
curbed by restriction. By this decrease of the lower powers of the psyche, the 
higher aspects of the soul are enriched/

	Nine in the second place means:
	Perseverance furthers.
	To undertake something brings misfortune.
	Without decreasing oneself,
	One is able to bring increase to others.

A high-minded self-awareness and a consistent seriousness with no forfeit of 
dignity are necessary if a man wants to be of service to others. He who throw 
himself away in order to do the bidding of a superior diminishes his own 
position without thereby giving lasting benefit to the other. This is wrong. 
To render true service of lasting value to another, one must serve him 
without relinquishing oneself.

	Nine at the top means:
	If one is increased without depriving other,
	There is no blame.
	Perseverance brings good fortune.
	It furthers one to undertake something.
	One obtains servants
	But no longer has a separate home.

There are people who dispense blessings to the whole world. Every increase 
in power that comes to them benefits the whole of mankind and therefore 
does not bring decrease to others. Through perseverance and zealous work a 
man wins success and finds helpers as they are needed. But what he 
accomplishes is not a limited private advantage; it is a public good and 
available to everyone.



So this is interesting. I don't know what to make of it yet, but I will continue
to reflect on it.

At Princeton I realized that quite a lot of people really like me. I was friends
with people that I've only seen once, and people I've had very limited interactions
with. So that was pretty cool.

Okay, so the transformation is one that I've never received before. This will be
interesting indeed.

The idea of a turning point arises from the fact that after the dark lines have 
pushed all of the light lines upward and out of the hexagram, another light 
line enters the hexagram from below. The time of darkness is past. The 
winter solstice brings the victory of light. This hexagram is linked with the 
eleventh month, the month of the solstice (December-January).


	THE JUDGMENT


	RETURN. Success.
	Going out and coming in without error.
	Friends come without blame.
	To and fro goes the way.
	On the seventh day comes return.
	It furthers one to have somewhere to go.

After a time of decay comes the turning point. The powerful light that has 
been banished returns. There is movement, but it is not brought about by 
force. The upper trigram K'un is characterized by devotion; thus the 
movement is natural, arising spontaneously. For this reason the 
transformation of the old becomes easy. The old is discarded and the new is 
introduced. Both measures accord with the time; therefore no harm results. 
Societies of people sharing the same views are formed. But since these 
groups come together in full public knowledge and are in harmony with the 
time, all selfish separatist tendencies are excluded, and no mistake is made. 
The idea of RETURN is based on the course of nature. The movement is 
cyclic, and the course completes itself. Therefore it is not necessary to hasten 
anything artificially. Everything comes of itself at the appointed time. This is 
the meaning of heaven and earth. 
  All movements are accomplished in six stages, and the seventh brings 
return. Thus the winter solstice, with which the decline of the year begins, 
comes in the seventh month after the summer solstice; so too sunrise comes 
in the seventh double hour after sunset. Therefore seven is the number of 
the young light, and it arises when six, the number of the great darkness, is 
increased by one. In this way the state of rest gives place to movement.


	THE IMAGE


	Thunder within the earth:
	The image of THE TURNING POINT.	
	Thus the kings of antiquity closed the passes 
	At the time of solstice.
	Merchants and strangers did not go about,
	And the ruler
	Did not travel through the provinces.

The winter solstice has always been celebrated in China as the resting time of 
the year—a custom that survives in the time of rest observed at the new year. 
In winter the life energy, symbolized by thunder, the Arousing, is still 
underground. Movement is just at its beginning; therefore it must be 
strengthened by rest so that it will not be dissipated by being used 
prematurely. This principle, i.e., of allowing energy that is renewing itself to 
be reinforced by rest, applies to all similar situations. The return of health 
after illness, the return of understanding after an estrangement: everything 
must be treated tenderly and with care at the beginning, so that the return 
may lead to a flowering.

I don't know exactly how I will absorb all the new information that I have learned,
but by god, I will, and it will be astounding. I wonder who is in the office with me right
now. Is it Lana? I think it might be, I wonder what she is doing here. Also, I have
no idea what her job is.
