

when I look into your eyes
and see my eyes reflected in yours
and yours again in the reflection of mine
the light bouncing forever
between our colored mirrors
it causes me to wonder
how is it that photons become love?




 11. T'ai / Peace





	
above  K'UN
THE RECEPTIVE, EARTH

	
below  CH'IEN
THE CREATIVE, HEAVEN


The Receptive, which moves downward, stands above; the Creative, which 
moves upward, is below. Hence their influences meet and are in harmony, 
so that all living things bloom and prosper. This hexagram belongs to the 
first month (February-March), at which time the forces of nature prepare the 
new spring. 

	THE JUDGMENT


	PEACE. The small departs,
	The great approaches.
	Good fortune. Success.

This hexagram denotes a time in nature when heaven seems to be on earth. 
Heaven has placed itself beneath the earth, and so their powers unite in deep 
harmony. Then peace and blessing descend upon all living things.

  In the world of man it is a time of social harmony; those in high places 
show favor to the lowly, and the lowly and inferior is an end to all feuds. 
  In side, at the center, in the key position, is the light principle; the dark 
principle is outside. Thus the light has a powerful influence, while the dark 
is submissive. In this way each receives its due. When the good elements of 
society occupy a central position and are in control, the evil elements come 
under their influence and change for the better. When the spirit of heaven 
rules in man, his animal nature also comes under its influence and takes its 
appropriate place. 
  The individual lines enter the hexagram from below and leave it again at 
the top. Here the small, weak, and evil elements are about to take their 
departure, while the great, strong, and good elements are moving up. This 
brings good fortune and success.


	THE IMAGE


	Heaven and earth unite: the image of PEACE.
	Thus the ruler
	Divides and completes the course of heaven and earth,
	And so aids the people.

Heaven and earth are in contact and combine their influences, producing a 
time of universal flowering and prosperity. This stream of energy must be 
regulated by the ruler of men. It is done by a process of division. Thus men 
divide the uniform flow of time into the seasons, according to the succession 
of natural phenomena, and mark off infinite space by the points of the 
compass. In this way nature in its overwhelming profusion of phenomena is 
bounded and controlled. One the other hand, nature must be furthered in 
her productiveness. This is done by adjusting the products to the right time 
and the right place, which increases the natural yield.  This controlling and 
furthering activity of man in his relation to nature is the work on nature that 
rewards him.

	Six at the top means:
	The wall falls back into the moat.
	Use no army now.
	Make your commands known within your own town.
	Perseverance brings humiliation.

The change alluded to in the middle of the hexagram has begun to take place. 
The wall of the town sinks back into the moat from which it was dug. The 
hour of doom is at hand. When matters have come to this pass, we should 
submit to fate and not try to stave it off by violent resistance. The one 
recourse left us is to hold our own within our intimate circle. Should we 
persevere in trying to resist the evil in the usual way, our collapse would only 
be more complete, and humiliation would be the result.

26. Ta Ch'u / The Taming Power of the Great





	
above  KêN
KEEPING STILL, MOUNTAIN

	
below  CH'IEN
THE CREATIVE, HEAVEN


The Creative is tamed by Kên, Keeping Still.  This produces great power, a 
situation in contrast to that of the ninth hexagram, Hsiao Ch'u, THE 
TAMING POWER OF THE SMALL, in which the Creative is tamed by the 
Gentle alone. There one weak line must tame five strong lines, but here four 
strong lines are restrained by two weak lines; in addition to a minister, there 
is a prince, and the restraining power therefore is afar stronger.

  The hexagram has a threefold meaning, expressing different aspects of the 
concept "Holding firm." Heaven within the mountain gives the idea of 
holding firm in the sense of holding together; the trigram Kên which holds 
the trigram ch'ien still, gives the idea of holding firm in the sense of holding 
back; the third idea is that of holding firm in the sense of caring for and 
nourishing. This last is suggested by the fact that a strong line at the top, 
which is the ruler of the hexagram, is honored and tended as a sage. The third 
of these meanings also attaches specifically to this strong line at the top, 
which represents the sage.


	THE JUDGMENT


	THE TAMING POWER OF THE GREAT.
	Perseverance furthers.
	Not eating at home brings good fortune.
	It furthers one to cross the great water.

To hold firmly to great creative powers and store them up, as set forth in this 
hexagram, there is need of a strong, clear-headed man who is honored by the 
ruler. The trigram Ch'ein points to strong creative power; Kên indicates 
firmness and truth. Both point to light and clarity and to the daily renewal of 
character. Only through such daily self-renewal can a man continue at the 
height of his powers. Force of habit helps to keep order in quiet times; but in 
periods when there is a great storing up of energy, everything depends on the 
power of the personality. However, since the worthy are honored, as in the 
case of the strong personality entrusted with leadership by the ruler, it is an 
advantage not to eat at home but rather to earn one's bread by entering upon 
public office. Such a man is in harmony with heaven; therefore even great 
and difficult undertakings, such as crossing the great water, succeed.


	THE IMAGE


	Heaven within the mountain:
	The image of THE TAMING POWER OF THE GREAT.
	Thus the superior man acquaints himself with many sayings of antiquity
	And many deeds of the past,
	In order to strengthen his character thereby.

Heaven within the mountain points to hidden treasures. In the words and 
deeds of the past there lies hidden a treasure that men may use to strengthen 
and elevate their own characters. The way to study the past is not to confine 
oneself to mere knowledge of history but, through application of this 
knowledge, to give actuality to the past.


dear boomers,
many blame you
but not I
when I look ahead
I am filled with joy
and why? why because
I've met your kids
and they're great
