You may be aware of _ as you _.
You may be aware of a sense of enjoyment as you continue practicing these patterns.

You may notice _ as you _.
You may notice certain feelings as you become determined to learn these patterns thoroughly.

You might _.
You might find yourself repeating these patterns as you sleep and dream.

You might become aware of _ when you _.
You might become aware of an emerging sense of confidence as you practice these patterns repeatedly.

Don't _ too quickly.
Don't learn these patterns too quickly.

How does it feel when you _?
How does it feel when you imagine using these patterns skillfully?

How quickly can you _?
How quickly can you imagine really seeing the benefits of learning these patterns?

Try to resist _.
Try to resist the urge to use these patterns with every person you hypnotise.

There is no need for you to _.
There is no need for you to picture yourself using these patterns fluently.

The fact that [fact], means _.
The fact that you've learned to write means you can master any complex skill.

People can, you know, _.
People can, you know, learn even faster when you're having fun.

People can, [name], _.
People can, Matt, learn these patterns thoroughly.

People can _ because...
People can practice these patterns thoroughly because practice is the mother of all skill.

People are able to _.
People are able to find fun ways to use these patterns in conversations.

One of the things _ is ...
One of the things you'll laugh about once you learn these patterns is just how much fun you can have using them.

One can, [name], _.
One can, Matt, have a great deal of fun with these patterns.

Maybe you'll _.
Maybe you'll get in touch with your innermost self.

Maybe you haven't you haven't _ yet.
Maybe you haven't imagined all the ways you can use these patterns yet you can begin to now.

Isn't it nice to know _?
Isn't it nice to know that you can integrate these learnings at the speed that's best for you?

In the days and weeks ahead _.
In the days and weeks ahead, the real value of having practice these patterns diligently will begin to become apparent.

I don't know whether _.
I don't know whether you'll start exercising today.

I'm wondering if _.
I'm wondering if these patterns will become integrated immediately.

I'm curious to know _.
I'm curious to know just how many ways you'll find to apply these language patterns.

I wouldn't tell you to _ because _.
I wouldn't tell you to practice these patterns repeatedly because you can choose for yourself how to best integrate them.

I wonder if you've already started to notice _.
I wonder if you've already started to notice how much fun you can have learning these patterns.

I wonder _.
I wonder how quickly you'll begin to hear these patterns emerge spontaneously in your language.

I don't know if you've already begun to notice _.
I don't know if you've already begun to notice the positive effects of using these cards.

I don't know exactly how _.
I don't know exactly how you're going to use these patterns.

