== Tactics ==

1) Have one person split push, while the rest of the team hides in their jungle bushes. This is an easy way to pick off one or two or three people.
2) The proper way to use Baron is if we are sieging their towers, but unable to get any damage done, because they are all in base, we bait them out with the threat of Baron. This is the logical thing to do, because the Baron buff is really only useful if we need to power through a base siege anyway.
I think it'd be cool if start implementing a bot lane push strategy for quick victories. This is how I envision it might work: at around 15 minutes (when we find an opportune time: the best would be if their mid lane is pushed towards us, and our bot lane is pushed towards them) we descend on mid lane and try to gank the midlaner. Regardless of whether we kill him or not, we threaten to take mid tower. Two things can happen at this point, either they are slow to respond and we just take mid tower. Or, using the wards we've already placed bot, we notice that their bot lane is coming up; in this case, we run to meet their bot lane, cut them off, and kill them. Then we take bot tower and dragon. After this, we attack bot lane because of the strategic advantage we can have there. When attacking the inner towers at bot, we just ward in their jungle along the edge of bot. Or back is protected by the bottom wall of the map, so they can never flank us. From here we just apply constant pressure bot, but since we have excellent vision of their entire bottom jungle we can have people split push mid, and then use our superior vision in their jungler to kill them if they split to deal with mid. We ignore top. Why? Because we actually want them to try and base race. Let's say they only send one top. Then we have a 5v4 bot, and we are already ahead one tower, and a lot of gold, so we just press our advantage and we can push bot faster than their one person top. Or, we if all of them go top or mid, we just continue pushing bot, because again, we've started the race a tower ahead. And due to our ward coverage, we will always know if they are going to try and descend on us.
When we reach the point where we are pushed all the way to their bot inhibitor turret they will likely stall the game by defending inside their base. Since we control the lower half of their jungle this lets us either: take middle towers safely, take dragons safely, bait them out with Baron. In any case, however they try to stall us, we can just leave, and bait them out with the possibility of us getting global gold.
I think that a lot of games are decided 60% by these two factors: 1) how each lane is doing at the end of laning phase 2) who takes the initiative to end laning phase by executing a strong gank + objective take. From there, it's a matter of avoiding throws, which I think we can do by having a focused objective (push bot lane), which prevents us from wandering around the map aimlessly, and having vision of the area of contention (which we will make their bottom jungle).
The really important thing this strategy allows us to do is we don't have to ward the whole map, we just have to ward the jungle paths leading to bot lane, because we are going to MAKE that the most important area of the game by constantly focusing their attention there. If they choose not to defend bot, then we simply win.
