There is a lot of lore surrounding Samael. In the Tiqqunei Zohar, he is the Angel who brings poison into the world:
And the serpent is riding over the voice of the raven, the Other God, to his spouse, magic, the poison of death, in which Samael, the Other God, becomes complete.
This is even apparent in his name's etymology, being "the Venom of God." In witchcraft, it is said that Cain was the Child of the union of Samael and Eve, and thus Cain is the Father of Witches; Samael also consorts with Lilith, and some sources hold that He was the Edenic serpent who caused the first transgression.
Being thus the embodiment of poison and ophidian gnosis, He can also be seen as the Tempter and Accuser, as many Christians are wont to call Him, though the Wise know His Coiled Form to be that which informs many paths. Wisdom of Death is His, and thus His Dominion is ecstasy; as He slithered through the Garden, He spawned the poisonous plants which He later gave to humanity, the Herbs of the Devil's Garden and the True Host and Sacrament.
So hell yeah, He's available. All poison is His, and He can be called through it; all temptation is His, and the pleasures of the flesh, and He can be called through them; He dwells in ecstasy, and guards the gateways to the New Flesh -- if only we have the Will to slough off the Old and adorn ourselves in His Raiment.
This guy has a pretty neat post about the same thing, as well. He connects Samael with The Fool, Hadit, and Melek Ta'us, and gets into some interesting correlations in Gematria. Worth the read, in this one's opinion!

Samael is someone I would like to connect with.
