I'm just going to be as up front and honest as I can because that's what I would like to receive, and I know you are a tough guy. 

I didn't like this story as much as I thought I was going to. Mainly because I found the captain to be an unsympathetic character here. By part way through the story I was rooting for him to die, which was a bummer, because I already knew he would live.

Why do I find him unsympathetic? Because he chose a way out of his dilemma that endangered the lives of his entire crew, which he supposedly cares about. An honorable person in his shoes might have said he would go find the Searider, and then found some way to escape, or just man up to the execution. He could at least have been wracked with guilt during the entire journey, but his inner monologue seemed shockingly self-centered. _He_ would avoid a certain death, etc. 

Maybe this is what you want, but it doesn't sit well with me. There are a few ways I would rather see this story done. You could continue to have the Captain be an unsympathetic character, but in this case you should write from the perspective of one of the crew members. That would be a compelling read, because you could conceal whether or not the captain lives, you could sympathize with the crew member who is risking his life because his moronic captain had an affair. 

Or, if you want to continue telling it from the perspective of the captain, then you have to make the captain a sympathetic character. It doesn't make sense to me that he would ever publish this story, when he is being portrayed as such a selfish ass in the story. Unless what occurred has somehow caused him to repent,  and wallow in regret, but I don't get that impression currently. It just seems like he's annoyed that people keep asking him about it, not that he is riddled with guilt. He is afraid, that just continues to make him look like a sissy.

But then again, I guess he comes from a wealthy family and was a captain for the money. So that could be exactly what you are going for. It's just that, if so, then I would remove the frame at the beginning, because in that case the most compelling part of the story is finding out if the captain will go down with the ship like he damn well should.

I don't really get why he was saved. I thought they were going to a perilous region that people avoid because the Searider is around? Why would a ship be traveling so close to be able to pick him up after he had only been drifting for a few days?

I really liked what you told me last night about description, and I feel like it might apply to this story. There were some descriptions that just didn't feel right, like the descriptions of the sunrise, and also how dark it was when the searider was near. Common place things, like the sunrise, I think shouldn't be described too much, because the reader has a good idea of what they are, and authors are always trying to outdo each other to find some original way to describe something very mundane. I know you were trying to use them to set a mood, but try using something else like the appearance of the ship or the crew to do that, imo. I didn't get a good sense of what the triumph looked like.

Have you done much sailing? I haven't, but my friend sails and I've read quite a bit of nautical fiction. I don't think it makes sense for the captain and his navigator to be sitting in the dark in the cabin "measuring where they are" for an hour. The whole difficulty of seafaring is that until the clock was invented you had no means of navigating except by reference points in the sky, which they had no access to. Either they knew where they were, because they knew what their course was, or they didn't, and they had no way to find out. No amount of math is going to figure that out for you. 

It might be worth doing a lot more research on the olden days of sailing, or recast it into something you know better. Maybe the captain is leading a team of men into a desert expedition. You probably know a lot about how to realistically portray the perils of a dangerous hike. The searider being a humanoid seems like an oddly land based monster anyway. You could as well be fighting the yeti in a mountain, and the basic story line would be the same and perhaps even more compelling, because let's face it, the nautical battle against a monster is a pretty familiar trope.

I didn't really like the parenthetical comments that were used. 

My critic mode is a bastard, so please don't be disheartened. I wouldn't be writing all this if I didn't think this story had enormous potential. It just doesn't quite work for me the way it is.
