= [[Eden (sci-fi)]] =

= [[Invisible Man]] =


= The Hollow Life of Steven Smith =

Steven Smith worked to earn money. He spent his money gratifying his carnal pleasures. When he was with his friends he competed over their material status. His life was hollow.

= The Great Red Rite =

An Eternal King is reborn every time he dies, by mating with his queen. While he is a child, the queen reigns, and it is her duty to raise her son to be the eternal king.

Is the king the same soul? Or is his personality just reassembled each time by the collection of memories and books that are kept in the keep?

= The Ghost of Oscar Wilde (Gothic) =

A failed writer moves into the apartment Oscar Wilde died in. After he removes the hideous wallpaper Oscar Wilde's ghost materializes. After a number of tense encounters, the ghost reveals himself for what he is and offers the writer a Faustian bargain. If he allows the ghost to live in his body for ten years, Wilde will write a book for him.

= Untitled =

A couple asks Joe for directions to a theater where they are supposed to be going on a date. Joe's inclination is to blow them off, but the look on the boyfriend's face makes him reconsider--the girlfriend is using Joe to humiliate him. As Joe leads them to the theater the situation gets increasingly tense.



= Oldstone (Fantasy) =

A young preacher moved into an ancient church building with some peculiarities. There are massive stone arches, but there has never been glass to complete the windows. Instead, in each window sits a gargoyle. One day a wandering cultist and charlatan incites the villagers against the preacher--harvests have been poor, and children have died to mysterious illness. The preacher is warned, but is unable to get away, as he owns no horse. He and his assistant barricade themselves in the church, but the mob breaks in. A gust of wind through those massive windows extinguishes all the torches.

(This morphed into the gargoyle suicide story, but I never did execute on this concept exactly)

= The perils of grading =

James has been sleeping with Ms. Underwood for little over a year. Now a high school senior, he feels trapped and wants to go to college somewhere far away. Underwood has different ideas though, and can harm his application by failing him out of her class. James is trapped--he can't break off the relationship without her retaliation, and he can't expose her or he'd be ruined too. Both of them passive-aggressively destroy each other.

= Flight =

A young boy is stranded in the desert when the trading caravan he is traveling with is attacked. He survives by stumbling into a dragon's nest.

= Elation =

Hard sci-fi about future where humans have invented perfect experience emulators. They should be immortal too, but for some reason they keep dying at an age of around 140. Reason for this is mind's inability to comprehend the infinite.

= Mona Lisa's Smile =

A museum curator grabs his opportunity to cum on the Mona Lisa's face while it is on tour. The painting is complete. He spends the rest of the story getting away with it.

= Desert Dragons =

Dragons create lairs beneath the vast sands by blowing glass tunnels. A young man separate from his caravan stumbles into one for warmth, and hatches a young dragon by accident. Yada, yada. Basically, it's meant to counter Eragon.

= Empty =

A man finally returns home after a long period in (prison? exile?). When he arrives home he finds everything abandoned. No inner monologue, dialogue, only scene description.

= Student & Teacher =

Teacher exploits student for sex, but the blackmail goes both ways, of course.

= Locked in an observatory tower forever =

= Well, I think Jaeger's story still merits writing. =

I think we have a lot of writing we can do. I mean, seriously.

= Goodbye under the elm =

Boy's father is in the military and is having to relocate again. The boy doesn't want to acknowledge the extent of his relationship with his best female friend, because he doesn't want to deal with the pain of leaving her. After a tense conversation he leaves, but he turns back and confesses his feelings. They embrace, but both are heartbroken.

