So this inception esque story of writing a story to cause it to come true in a loop is brilliant.

Now we just have to come up with an appropriate ritual to perform in order to
kick this off.

I'm thinking we shall certainly invoke Hermes, who has been a valuable ally.

I'll also invoke the great bard himself, William Shakespeare, who was allegedly
Francis Bacon, the great occultist, if The White Brother is to be believed.

If elementals really do exist, then I think I should marry one, so that I can 
give them the gift of immortality which they certainly deserve as well. But they
really need to show themselves to me and ally themselves with me for that to
work.

So my athame is obviously Magicbane. That's what it is.

The remaining elemental weapons are a bit trickier. I'm not sure about my wand,
my cup, or my pentacle yet. 

Perhaps the elder wand from harry potter? I think that is a useful mythos to
gain inspiration from too.

As for the cup, I'm not sure, maybe the holy grail? I don't really know of any
special cups to me right now. I shall have to think about that. I guess I don't
really need this because I understand that pouring out the cup of my ego is
an allegory for what I must do.

The pentacle will be my personal seal, whenever I manage to design it I guess?

I'm not sure. But anyway, I should really only need magicbane and my wand for 
this ritual. I suppose I will create the wand myself, which will be very fitting.

A special wand crafted out of genetically engineered, nanomaterial 'wood' that
is specially equipped to conduit magical energy. Also comes with lots of hidden
electronics and quantum dots embedded into the device.

Now, to name it, that is the truly interesting and difficult question.

I think I definitely want to encorporate the word Will in there somewhere.

It was interesting noting yesterday that one of my chief magical words, Elbereth


So yeah, to really get this to work, the ritual itself needs to be very well
written, so I should really study crowley, 777, and assorted magickal texts to
help me write this book. And now I can be honest about my reading the occult,
because I can legitimately say that I am doing it as research for a novel I am
writing. It is going to be awesome. This is going to be one of the best rituals
I have conducted so far. My rituals have been pretty simple so far, although
obviously sacrificing the Green Couch was kind of a huge step for me. I am 
really glad I did it though, because it did give me what I needed to succeed in
New York.

Hm, I wonder if the ritual should involve another person. It would be cool if
I had a girlfriend who would do rituals with me by then. But maybe that is
unnecessary. Maybe I don't want to meet her until after I have performed this
ritual. Because this ritual really would be able to connect me with a legitimate
and beautiful and intelligent woman occultist.
