== 0. The Beginning ==

I am writing this book for my own benefit,
to act as a reminder when I go astray,
perhaps others may benefit from it as well.

=== Code of Harmony ===
00. Minimize noise.

01. Maximize signal.

10. Minimize interference.

11. Maximize harmony.

=== Marks of Reality ===
1. No phenomena are permanent.
  Just wait, you'll see.

2. No phenomena are satisfactory.
  There are always more.

3. No phenomena constitute yourself.
  Being impermanent and unsatisfactory, how could they be the yourself?

== 1. Cause becomes Effect ==

Forget ideas of Karma. Karma is simple.
Our present is due to our past thoughts.
Our present thoughts lead to our future.

As a potter spins clay,
we must shape our future gradually,
lest we become unbalanced.

First we must see the present clearly,
admitting we are why we are here, not there.
Then we may walk the Way there,
one step at a time, 
step by step by step.

With each step remain aware.
If we do not see each moment,
but instead step in a hurry,
we may undo our progress.

Wander not in confused spirals.
Know where you are going.
Doing so is called walking the Way.

== 2. Love conquers Fear ==

Hate is not conquered by hate.
To attempt such creates a greater hate.
Hate is conquered by love.
Love your enemy and he becomes your ally.

Hate hates hate, love loves love.
Which cycle will you accelerate?

Fear leads to hatred. 
Knowing this, show compassion.

There are those who would do you harm.
Accept their gifts graciously.
It is all they can offer.

While on the Way you can't be insulted,
only shown your flaws.

While on the Way you can't be defeated,
only taught new tactics.

While on the Way you can't be robbed,
only relieved of burden.
